ID	Target	Tweet	Stance
44182	Legalization of Abortion	The Republicans in Ohio may have passed a bill, but abortion is still safe and legal in Ohio. If you, or someone you love, needs a doctor, find the full list of Ohio clinics and neighboring states on our website:  #StopTheBans	FAVOR
27181	Legalization of Abortion	Medical advancements for premature births are great, but they will never: Provide daycare, Cure pre-natal medical complications, Change diapers, Undo rape trauma, Breastfeed, Dilate a cervix to 10 cm, Respect a woman's wishes. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
54681	Legalization of Abortion	Is #innovation good? Or bad? #Livechat with us today at 1pm Pacific. #socialinnovation #philosophy #publicradio 	NONE
10351	Legalization of Abortion	Unborn babies are not criminals. They should not be treated like that and have their human rights stripped. #MarchForLife #whywemarch 	AGAINST
32432	Legalization of Abortion	Motion to amend: @XYZ asks the Ohio Senate to add exceptions for rape or incest. She asked the committee to add these this morning, and colleagues made the same request in the House. Republican reject the amendment. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
29358	Legalization of Abortion	Ridiculous #antichoice folks will be boycotting the girl scout cookies sales again. #ClinicEscorts love cookies. Just FYI. #cookiecot	FAVOR
27613	Legalization of Abortion	Jordan: “I never wavered in my decision. I never questioned what was right for me. I am happy with the decision I made. I will never regret my decision to have an abortion. Abortion is necessary. Abortion is healthcare.” #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
10752	Legalization of Abortion	There is no constitutional right to violently take the life of another human being. There is no constitutional right to violently take the life of another human being. There is no constitutional right to violently take the life of another human being. Abortion is violence. 	AGAINST
19904	Legalization of Abortion	Abortion clinics don't want us to keep a close on them. That's why we MUST do exactly that. Join us Thursday... 	AGAINST
61577	Legalization of Abortion	9,000 followers - welcome to our network. We're looking forward to sharing #literaure news in the #SouthWest. @XYZ @XYZ 	NONE
18428	Legalization of Abortion	Why is @XYZ at #EP2017 to preach discrimination against the baby in the womb? #itstime to protect everyone. 	AGAINST
58687	Legalization of Abortion	Reason #221 to support #PhilosophyTalk: We question everything... except your intelligence.   	NONE
33652	Legalization of Abortion	Our Program Director is on campus at MSU in Bozeman today to talk to students about the Students for Choice... 	FAVOR
04698	Legalization of Abortion	Protecting the 8th Amendment means much more than that - it means protecting human lives #loveboth 	AGAINST
19723	Legalization of Abortion	First ever National Pro-Life Bridges Day reaches over ONE MILLION commuters with the message: "Abortion takes a human life"! 	AGAINST
25065	Legalization of Abortion	During debate on the six-week abortion ban, Rep. @XYZ reads the story of a young rape victim. The bill has no exemptions for rape or incest. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
05290	Legalization of Abortion	Sure has been a lot of wailing &amp; gnashing of teeth lately from Planned Parenthood over new Title X regulations. But here's the thing: If Planned Parenthood likes its Title X funding, it can keep its Title X funding. All it needs to do is stop doing abortions. #TuesdayThoughts 	AGAINST
35256	Legalization of Abortion	Gianforte claims to support women's 'healthcare'. We investigated those centers and their services. #mtpol #mtgov 	FAVOR
38385	Legalization of Abortion	Dear Friends and Supporters, Today we start the last week of the 63rd Montana Legislature. We have come... 	FAVOR
27065	Legalization of Abortion	Activists gather outside Ohio House chambers as lawmakers debate 'heartbeat' abortion bill (slideshow from @XYZ  #StopTheBans	FAVOR
31253	Legalization of Abortion	Today is Global Day of Action for Safe and Legal Abortion, while some of us may enjoy reproductive freedom it... 	FAVOR
19199	Legalization of Abortion	God only knows how many lives have been lost to abortion, but every one of them is precious. Let us never forget them. 	AGAINST
27778	Legalization of Abortion	Ohioans across the room and across the state are in opposition to this abortion ban. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
45122	Legalization of Abortion	Please support us #Eurovision Malta Chameleon  Please RT to help Michela do well. 	NONE
12539	Legalization of Abortion	The Eighth Amendment saves lives. Without the right to life, all other rights are meaningless. #VoteNO #StandUpForLife	AGAINST
00338	Legalization of Abortion	Good reminder that over 57 million children have never been granted the opportunity to share the air we breath. #Equality	AGAINST
24324	Legalization of Abortion	Join us for an Abortion Access Dance Party, downtown, from 12:30 - 3 PM TODAY (1/13). We are countering the... 	FAVOR
18681	Legalization of Abortion	Ultrasound technology shows the unborn child is a human being with potential, not a potential human life #citizensassembly #loveboth	AGAINST
03997	Legalization of Abortion	Key areas where the Government should be focusing on, instead of spending time and money on pushing abortion: *No pregnant woman should ever have to endure homelessness.  #8thRef #LoveBothVoteNo	AGAINST
04168	Legalization of Abortion	The only way to prevent abortion on demand is vote 🗳 NO on 25 May #LOVEBOTHVOTENO	AGAINST
25535	Legalization of Abortion	NARAL Pro-Choice America Denounces Latest Effort to Defund Planned Parenthood :: NARAL Pro-Choice America 	FAVOR
38558	Legalization of Abortion	Activists! We're meeting at #Helena headquarters at 10:45 and going to @XYZ rally together showing support for #prochoice candidates!	FAVOR
22550	Legalization of Abortion	Every time we stand outside of an abortion clinic and pray in mourning for the babies being killed there, we offer them what is perhaps the only act of human love they will ever receive.  #NationalDayOfPrayer	AGAINST
42788	Legalization of Abortion	National Right to Life gives a shout out. #DoingSomethingRight #Montana Gov. vetoes bill regulating web-cam abortions 	FAVOR
41768	Legalization of Abortion	As the Ohio House of Representatives begins session, chants from the hallway are loudly echoing through the chamber, mixing with the official prayer and pledge. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
15212	Legalization of Abortion	The Government's radical proposal is too extreme. #TooFarForMe #LoveBothVoteNO #rtept 	AGAINST
42227	Legalization of Abortion	With testimony concluded, @XYZ moves to amend the six-week abortion ban to include exceptions for rape or incest. The committee tables the motion. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
45128	Legalization of Abortion	It's one thing being rejected for not having enough experience just out of college. It's another thing when you volunteer for 2 years whilst at college and being told that it doesn't count.	NONE
46461	Legalization of Abortion	John Perry blogs about trolleys and morality. The conversation continues TODAY at 10 am on @XYZ 91.7 FM in SF: 	NONE
10783	Legalization of Abortion	In front of Planned Parenthood in Pasadena, California, 4/13/19. #WednesdayWisdom #ProtestPP #ThisIsHealthCare? 	AGAINST
05132	Legalization of Abortion	Absolutely, yes, everyone loves someone who has had an abortion. When you love someone, you want them to know that help and healing are available:  	AGAINST
12976	Legalization of Abortion	No one can deny the humanity of the unborn. Every human being possesses equal value &amp; dignity. All human lives deserve protection #LoveBoth 	AGAINST
47742	Legalization of Abortion	Super Mario Bros. &amp; Friends: When I Grow Up was a digital coloring book released for DOS in 1992, ostensibly meant to teach kids about careers. Despite its limited nature, it has several interesting quirks. 	NONE
62593	Legalization of Abortion	#ClassicPoemWorldCup was a hoot!  Having a few days rest but our NEXT #cup will be the #ClassicLovePoemCup with the final on on Valentine's Day. Same format BUT WE PROMISE FAR LESS DWMs.  Send us your suggestions! Poem title must be recognisable on its own though. 	NONE
56465	Legalization of Abortion	You are indeed awesome and we think this is a great opportunity for someone looking for their next move in the #publishing industry IN THE SOUTH WEST no less! #JobsinPublishing! 	NONE
51641	Legalization of Abortion	This week: If you regret something, do you have to regret all of its consequences? If you affirm something, do... 	NONE
55056	Legalization of Abortion	Does government equal tyrrany? Must we give up some autonomy to get certain goods that only the state can... 	NONE
03352	Legalization of Abortion	No mention in this article that Planned Parenthood is the nation's largest abortion chain. Why not, OkCupid? 	AGAINST
14130	Legalization of Abortion	Roe v. Wade -- and its companion case, Doe v. Bolton -- effectively legalized abortion at any point during pregnancy. The next time you hear "Roe v. Wade," remember this face of one of its victims. #SCOTUS 	AGAINST
49718	Legalization of Abortion	A Q&amp;A with Hannah Robinson about the places in the new edition of ‘Secret London, Unusual Bars &amp; Restaurants’. For the occasion of the Mark E Smith Tribute Night Hannah will reveal some of his favourite London drinking spots when he hit the South. 	NONE
44633	Legalization of Abortion	Correction - The bill goes to the Senate for a final concurrence vote, because it was amended in committee. Still, the action for voters remains the same: tell @XYZ to #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
48828	Legalization of Abortion	Check out the details of this exciting new sonic poetry show, supported by @XYZ public funding - produced by Heidi Stephenson and presented by our #WordonTour star, @XYZ . Find out more about it here:  #poetry	NONE
58403	Legalization of Abortion	Why #vote, especially if my doing so won't make a difference in the overall #election outcome? @XYZ political scientist Emilee Booth Chapman tells us why in this week's FREE stream! 	NONE
56267	Legalization of Abortion	We are so ready to join in with this, but who shall we be?? 🦸‍♀️🧜‍♀️🧙‍♂️🧛‍♂️📘📘📙📙 	NONE
30486	Legalization of Abortion	Reminder: there is A LOT to this story. #Abortion foe forced Kalispell clinic out of building:  via @XYZ	FAVOR
60501	Legalization of Abortion	Donkey Kong Land 2's instruction manual is near entirely copy-pasted from Donkey Kong Country 2's. This causes some glitches, such as mentioning that Cranky Kong's tips costs money when Cranky Kong is not in the game. 	NONE
20239	Legalization of Abortion	Seanad Ctte stage debate on abortion Bill about to kick off. Tune in here  #standupforhumanrights #Unjustbill	AGAINST
38975	Legalization of Abortion	Come say hi! We're marching with NARAL Pro-Choice North Carolina and Carolina Abortion Fund! 	FAVOR
19097	Legalization of Abortion	TODAY. 5:00pm. JOIN US as we counter-protest the #StopTheBans rally in Daley Plaza in downtown Chicago! 	AGAINST
37729	Legalization of Abortion	Extremists are getting more dangerous, it's why it's important for us to keep fighting forward. 	FAVOR
57618	Legalization of Abortion	#ClassicLovePoemCup Jane Campion, Director of Bright Star, arrives. "For Keats, despite his wretched pain in missing Fanny, it is impossible to wish his love had been milder. Keats died at 25, more beloved on earth than most of us will ever be." 	NONE
38470	Legalization of Abortion	This is a great LTE that was published a few weeks ago in the Great Falls Tribune. Please read it, with careful... 	FAVOR
33713	Legalization of Abortion	We've been joined by Planned Parenthood and Health Care for America Network! #RehbergprotestMT	FAVOR
40325	Legalization of Abortion	We also did some undercover investigations in Montana of crisis pregnancy centers and found all the same... 	FAVOR
53742	Legalization of Abortion	@XYZ just saw American Animals #Sundance. Brilliant semi-doc about moral weakness how it unfolds and its aftermath. See it!!!!!!! @XYZ	NONE
06339	Legalization of Abortion	Deputy Michael Collins refers to the statement from a large group of pharmacists who do not wish to participate in prescribing abortion medication #unjustbill #amendthebill #humanrights #legisl8 #consciencerights	AGAINST
31328	Legalization of Abortion	'It was shameful what went down in this building last session.' -Senate Minority Leader Carol Williams #uawowMT	FAVOR
48233	Legalization of Abortion	...and we're thrilled that you're taking part. This is going to be such a fascinating event. We love your first Hills and Barbrook novel and can't wait for the second one. We're also excited to explore @XYZ links to #archaeology! 	NONE
27775	Legalization of Abortion	Over twenty-thousand people choose to have an abortion in Ohio each year, and seven in ten Americans support legal access to abortion care. Email your Ohio lawmakers in support of abortion patients:  #StopTheBans	FAVOR
44606	Legalization of Abortion	“Not just for the rich and white! Abortion is a human right!” #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
22573	Legalization of Abortion	"#IdLikeToBeRichEnoughTo have as much money as Planned Parenthood gets in taxpayer funding every year." ^ If you said that, do you know how much money you'd be wishing for? Over $500 MILLION. #DefundPP 	AGAINST
26147	Legalization of Abortion	Thank you to our allies and coalition partners, Planned Parenthood Advocates of Montana,  for taking both... 	FAVOR
50779	Legalization of Abortion	With its 200th anniversary fast approaching, it's time to revisit Mary Shelley's #Frankenstein:  #PhilosophersCorner 	NONE
35644	Legalization of Abortion	"Gov't Spending Bill Quietly Resolves @XYZ Abortion Coverage Debate  via @XYZ YAY 4 PeaceCorps VOLS!	FAVOR
18323	Legalization of Abortion	The Irish public think considerably fewer abortions are performed than is actually the case #8committee #misinformation	AGAINST
06767	Legalization of Abortion	The Supreme Court clarified that the only protection that the unborn has in the Constitution is in the 8th Amendment #LoveBothVoteNO #TooFarForMe	AGAINST
44414	Legalization of Abortion	TAKE ACTION TO PROTECT ABORTION ACCESS:  Tell your Ohio senator that the six-week abortion ban under consideration is a horrific restriction that punishes women and criminalizes physicians. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
43400	Legalization of Abortion	HB 104 is up for 2nd reading on the House Floor rt now. Regier claims it protects pregnant women. We believe it undermines the rt to choose.	FAVOR
64805	Legalization of Abortion	This week: What exactly is Wilderness? Tune in this Sunday at 10 am on KALW 91.7 FM in the SF Bay Area (worldwide... 	NONE
28985	Legalization of Abortion	Sitting in House Ed Committee waiting for Executive Action on HB 456- define scope of human sexuality/reproduct ed in k-12 public schools.	FAVOR
63651	Legalization of Abortion	Should we regulate the impacts of technology on our workforce now? Or just wait for innovation to take the lead and mitigate its effects on labor with a universal basic income?  #PhiosophersCorner 	NONE
45025	Legalization of Abortion	I follow 10k people, so if I like your tweets, there's a good chance I stalk you.	NONE
38799	Legalization of Abortion	Rep. Capps: this amendment is government interference in private medical decisions.	FAVOR
01245	Legalization of Abortion	If we #repealthe8th, We won’t have any second chances to save the 8th amendment – that’s why we are asking for your vote today and urging you to make your plan to get to the polls on Friday, May 25th! #lovebothvoteno #8thref #toofarforme	AGAINST
62461	Legalization of Abortion	"Your embrace was the Shelter Stone when the ferns began"  Read the poem ‘The May-Tree’ @XYZ @XYZ  See Yvonne and @XYZ at Peggy Poole Award readings, 13th March @XYZ Liverpool. Book now  	NONE
46679	Legalization of Abortion	This week: What does it really mean – in the real world – to lead a moral life? Tune in Sunday at 10 am and... 	NONE
09343	Legalization of Abortion	Pro-choice TDs have resorted to name-calling as these amendments remind them of the barbarity of abortion #unjustbill #AmendTheBill #humanrights	AGAINST
44210	Legalization of Abortion	Rep. Janine @XYZ speaks next. as the ranking Democrat on the House Health Committee, she led the opposition to the bill. (We noticed that as she started to talk, the cheers from outside turned to applause.) #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
32841	Legalization of Abortion	“More than 40 years ago, the Supreme Court stipulated that abortion is legal until a fetus is viable. Well, in no... 	FAVOR
48941	Legalization of Abortion	We're at @XYZ from 27th - 28th July bringing #WordonTour to the #TiddyTent in the walled garden. Say hello to @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ and #JonnyFluffypunk in the glorious grounds of the Port Eliot Estate. Here's hoping for sun	NONE
37122	Legalization of Abortion	Question from Sen. Huffman: "Are you saying that Catholics don't support this abortion ban?" Answer: 7 in 10 Americans, of all faiths, support access to safe and legal abortion. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
47230	Legalization of Abortion	We don't question your intelligence. We rely on it. And on your support. Any amount helps.  … 	NONE
67682	Legalization of Abortion	🍾 @XYZ has picked @XYZ Society Member Luke Palmer as winner of this year’s Prole Pamphlet Competition for 'Spring in the Hospital'.  🍾 Fellow @XYZ Member @XYZ (Scott Elder) Commended for My Hotel.   	NONE
61825	Legalization of Abortion	Our friends and partners @XYZ #Greenway are currently seeking a Senior Marketing and Communications Officer to join their team. If you're passionate about #marketing where better to find your next role but the holiday home of the #QueenofCrime? 	NONE
51365	Legalization of Abortion	ICYMI catch the re-broadcast Tuesday 12 noon on 91.7 FM in the SF Bay Area or online at  	NONE
34013	Legalization of Abortion	You know what helps people "choose life"? Access to comprehensive sexual health education and sexual health care, less shame and stigma being placed on folks bodies when those bodies are sexual, better support... 	FAVOR
08625	Legalization of Abortion	National Day of Prayer and Protest against Planned Parenthood is one week from tomorrow! Find a location near you here:  #ProtestPP	AGAINST
23494	Legalization of Abortion	All people deserve the respect and freedom to live authentically. #iStandSunday	FAVOR
38807	Legalization of Abortion	RT @XYZ Call for 'Common Ground' Dominates First Regional Urban Initiative for Reproductive Health | RHReality... 	FAVOR
27610	Legalization of Abortion	Reunenthal goes on to say she won’t feel safe pursuing motherhood in Ohio if she and her husband cannot make their own personal medical decisions about their family. “And sadly, I know that many of my peers are reaching similar conclusions.” #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
10769	Legalization of Abortion	"It isn’t the state’s job to recommend abortion providers to students, nor to provide abortion drugs on campus." #TuesdayThoughts 	AGAINST
41786	Legalization of Abortion	This is the last committee hearing on Senate Bill 23, which is expected to be on the House floor tomorrow at 1 p.m. COME TO THE STATEHOUSE TOMORROW:  #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
35990	Legalization of Abortion	Sarah Rossi w @XYZ advocates for survivors of rape &amp; incest. Survivors should ALWAYS have choice when they become pregnant as a result.	FAVOR
22107	Legalization of Abortion	"In just a few years pro-abortion zealots went from ‘safe, legal, and rare’ to ‘keep the newborns comfortable while the doctor debates infanticide.'" 	AGAINST
05353	Legalization of Abortion	#tbt This beautiful video went viral back when YouTube was young. It's the story of a couple who found out their baby had Trisomy 18 (Edwards Syndrome) and would likely not even survive until birth. 	AGAINST
45519	Legalization of Abortion	Are we in a new golden age of #television, philosophically speaking? @XYZ gets the conversation started on the blog with some thoughts about one show in particular, @XYZ  #philosophy #PhilosophersCorner	NONE
31055	Legalization of Abortion	S Judiciary votes to pass HB 521 7-5 on party lines. Young women deserve autonomy and safety, not forced parental mandates. #MTLeg #MTPOL	FAVOR
05784	Legalization of Abortion	A few years ago, a study found out that chief among the reasons doctors don't want to get involved with abortion are “stigma, fear of lost business through controversy, or people protesting." This... 	AGAINST
00177	Legalization of Abortion	@XYZ that much more oppressive for women	NONE
07607	Legalization of Abortion	Why doesn't @XYZ think unborn human beings are worthy of protection under Irish law? #prolife Don't #repealthe8th 	AGAINST
56618	Legalization of Abortion	We are currently accepting applications for our second round of #AnnualFund grants. If you have a #literature project which will benefit a #SouthWest community, we want to hear from you. Applications are accepted until midday on 7th December. Details: 	NONE
42855	Legalization of Abortion	"Klundt’s appearance was prefaced with acknowledgements that Klundt was there to accept responsibly for the... 	FAVOR
62057	Legalization of Abortion	We're looking forward to this event, where @XYZ will be reading alongside fellow poet @XYZ @XYZ our next #WordonTour event. Now with even more ways to buy tickets, here  &amp; here  See you there? #LoveLibraries 	NONE
11010	Legalization of Abortion	Pro-life Action League Crashed Planned Parenthood's Abortion Celebration (Roe v Wade Anniversary Event/Fundraiser for Planned Parenthood Illinois Action and PAC) Thanks to everyone who made it out to all or part... 	AGAINST
24940	Legalization of Abortion	Happening now: Ohio Senate committee hearing on SB27, which is an unconstitutional bill to force women to choose burial or cremation following an abortion. VIDEO:  #StopTheBans	FAVOR
52725	Legalization of Abortion	Did you know that Wario smokes fat cigars and is in charge of Game Boy Sales? 	NONE
67001	Legalization of Abortion	We are currently seeking poets in the #Gloucester area to attend our #NationalMemoryDay poet training session on 21st June. Find out more, here:  @XYZ @XYZ #poetry and #memory	NONE
49653	Legalization of Abortion	38 days to go until the 40th anniversary event for the National Poetry Competition  Watch a filmpoem based on a poem by Caleb Parkin, one of the 10 performers:  20th March, Kings Place  	NONE
07742	Legalization of Abortion	In England and Wales, 1 in 5 pregnancies end in abortion. This is one of the realities of the debate that #repealthe8th won't engage with. 	AGAINST
39848	Legalization of Abortion	Witness Megan describes losing a wanted pregnancy just three weeks ago. This bill would block her from terminating her doomed pregnancy. "You never know ever unless you walk into someone’s else’s shoes what this type of situation is like." #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
38616	Legalization of Abortion	Montanans have made it clear - A dangerous and divisive amendment like CI-108 has NO PLACE IN OUR STATE! #prochoice	FAVOR
66147	Legalization of Abortion	Feel the #MondayMotivation, come and join our team here in #Plymouth. We're seeking a Deputy CEO and a part time administrator. Deputy CEO closes 04.03, admin 11.03. Get those applications in!  #LiteratureDevelopment @XYZ	NONE
25726	Legalization of Abortion	Yesterday we testified against the Personhood Amendment...again. Good News! The bill has been TABLED in... 	FAVOR
11884	Legalization of Abortion	Watch this UNBELIEVABLE triumphalist outburst from Kate O'Connell in the Dáil last night. Let's be clear, the only people who lost are the unborn babies. Your remarks are unbecoming of any serious politician.  #unjustbill #humanrights #loveboth #legisl8	AGAINST
01692	Legalization of Abortion	Disappointing that @XYZ using #EP2017 to actively target most vulnerable member of society - baby in her mother's womb #itstime 	AGAINST
63992	Legalization of Abortion	How much information do you give away everyday? Question the new surveillance society TODAY 10a @XYZ 91.7 FM in SF. 	NONE
63196	Legalization of Abortion	Should the interests of future generations count as much as, less than, or more than those of us who already exist? Ken blogs about this week's show:  #PhilosophersCorner	NONE
40000	Legalization of Abortion	Over twenty-thousand people choose to have an abortion in Ohio each year, and seven in ten Americans support legal access to abortion care. Email your Ohio lawmakers in support of abortion patients:  #StopTheBans	FAVOR
04288	Legalization of Abortion	Voters are realising more and more just how extreme the Government’s proposals are - #LoveBothVoteNO #8thref poll 	AGAINST
67280	Legalization of Abortion	We're here at @XYZ setting up for the National Poetry Competition's 40th Anniversary Readings! 	NONE
03951	Legalization of Abortion	To #repealthe8th would bring abortion on demand to Ireland. It means ending the lives of babies up to 3 months for any reason whatsoever. We can't let this happen. #LoveBothVoteNO #Savethe8th #TooFarForMe #8thref	AGAINST
19643	Legalization of Abortion	#ThingsYouShouldNeverAssume: Everyone has seen pictures of abortion victims. Most people haven't, and that's why we need to show them. 	AGAINST
53916	Legalization of Abortion	#FrancisonFilm &amp; @XYZ look back at this summer's movies. Plus more superhero #philosophy from John &amp; Ken:  	NONE
29250	Legalization of Abortion	Y'all are amazing! Did you know that? Results from the Triangle #bowl17 event! 	FAVOR
35222	Legalization of Abortion	Embryonic personhood? A dangerous precedent! Actress Sofia Vergara is effectively being sued by frozen embryos... 	FAVOR
06465	Legalization of Abortion	Well done to @XYZ for pointing out the inconsistencies in the Abortion Bill and challenging @XYZ on this point. #unjustbill #legisl8 #humanrights #chooselife #prolife #enddiscrimination	AGAINST
01667	Legalization of Abortion	Why should an unborn baby be refused the same rights and treatment as one that is born and being cared for? #8Committee #proWoman #proBaby 	AGAINST
12322	Legalization of Abortion	If the 8th Amendment is removed, we will have no vote on future abortion laws. We will hand the power to politicians to make these decisions. Let’s not become the first country in Europe to remove the right-to-life of babies from the Constitution. #LoveBothVoteNO #TooFarForMe	AGAINST
49080	Legalization of Abortion	Here at @XYZ we're firm believers in the restorative power of #reading. Whether it's #readingforpleasure or reading for #wellbeing the links between reading &amp; positivity are inextricable. We're delighted to hear about the launch of #ReadingWell 2018 	NONE
42520	Legalization of Abortion	Member present at the #mtal candidate forum asked us after: “Why won’t anyone say abortion or pro-choice? It’s important.” We’d have to agree. #mtpol #wordsmatter	FAVOR
17942	Legalization of Abortion	Key areas where the Government should be focusing on, instead of spending time and money on pushing abortion: *No pregnant woman should ever have to endure homelessness.  #8thRef #LoveBothVoteNo	AGAINST
67473	Legalization of Abortion	1 hour to go in the 2nd semi Final - #eecummings has 32% of the vote, #Keats 30% #Byron 27%. TOP TWO go through!  Vote! 	NONE
56798	Legalization of Abortion	We're delighted to be teaming up with @XYZ on 'How to Get published' a day of talks, workshops and panel all designed to inspire &amp; explore routes into #publishing and taking the next step with your writing. We're bringing the event to #Bristol 	NONE
19586	Legalization of Abortion	This from the nation's largest abortion chain, Planned Parenthood, which, despite all its invocations of #BelieveSurvivors, has quite a track record of enabling perpetrators of sexual assault.  	AGAINST
46105	Legalization of Abortion	How should we respond to the suffering of those who vote against their own interests?  #PhilosophersCorner 	NONE
38600	Legalization of Abortion	We just found this in some old files! A picture of all the women delegates from the Montana Constitutional... 	FAVOR
00935	Legalization of Abortion	Billy Kelleher of @XYZ brings up the tragedy of #savita and makes some strange and vague accusations. #humanrights #prolife #prochoice #Legisl8	AGAINST
38749	Legalization of Abortion	The bill was amended from requiring parental notification/judicial bypass for women under 16 to women under 18.  #MTleg	FAVOR
08931	Legalization of Abortion	Those of us who attended a memorial service this past weekend did so because we recognize that we have an... 	AGAINST
19689	Legalization of Abortion	"If we look closely at polling data that does more than scratch the surface, we can find large majorities in agreement about whether and how to limit abortion." Great op-ed by @XYZ 	AGAINST
44525	Legalization of Abortion	Answering Sen. Lehner, witness says the term "fetus" is cleansing our language. None of this will be relevant to woman seeking safe and legal abortion care if this ban is passed. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
59493	Legalization of Abortion	Did you know that the late Justice Scalia called for more "diversity" on the Supreme Court? This is the same man... 	NONE
38596	Legalization of Abortion	Forum for tonight's next Governor in Helena tonight - Bullock wins on women's reproductive health and IS the candidate we must support!!!	FAVOR
10340	Legalization of Abortion	What can you do to help the work of the Pro Life Campaign in 2017? Get in touch with us and find out how you can make a difference #loveboth 	AGAINST
18819	Legalization of Abortion	This ad has been banned in France. Are people with Down Syndrome not allowed to be happy now? #loveboth 	AGAINST
02678	Legalization of Abortion	Evil is often subtle. Other times, like with this video, it's unmistakable and in-your-face. It's been a week since it was released -- on the feast of the Holy Innocents, incidentally -- and the nation's largest abortion chain,... 	AGAINST
20135	Legalization of Abortion	Anyone who knows me know #ImTheHappiestWhen i see people standing against #abortion and #PlannedParenthood and jointing the #FetalUprising!	AGAINST
53185	Legalization of Abortion	Apologies for my bad grammar. English is my second language, but also my native language. Autocorrect ruins everything so apologies for the many mistakes. I should also blame my tiredness hahah	NONE
65848	Legalization of Abortion	Tickets still available for a great poetry reading happening today - poets @XYZ and @XYZ are at @XYZ today from 1 pm. Grab your tickets here: 	NONE
41955	Legalization of Abortion	Next witness is Margaret Light-Scotece, Esq., speaking on behalf of @XYZ in support of abortion access in Ohio. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
25010	Legalization of Abortion	And it is completely unconstitutional and out of step with Ohio’s values just like it was 2 months ago. Ohioans deserve access to health care in their community without judgement or delay. #ohleg #StoptheBans 	FAVOR
13083	Legalization of Abortion	Listen back to our spokesperson @XYZ discussing #citizensassembly on @XYZ earlier  Don't #repealthe8th	AGAINST
59278	Legalization of Abortion	John Perry gets punny on the blog ahead of tomorrow's live b'cast with John Pollack, author of "The Pun Also Rises." 	NONE
08405	Legalization of Abortion	Abortion is an act of violence against a fellow member of the human family. ^ This is true whether you call today #ColumbusDay or #IndigenousPeoplesDay2018. 	AGAINST
53439	Legalization of Abortion	We're getting the band back together! Josh, Ken, Debra, and John will ask what happened in 2018 to challenge our assumptions and make us think about things in new ways – "The Examined Year: 2018" airs 12/30 on @XYZ 91.7 FM in San Francisco &amp; worldwide at  	NONE
64160	Legalization of Abortion	New sounds from Philosophy Talk: John Dewey and the Ideal of Democracy  on #SoundCloud	NONE
48168	Legalization of Abortion	Pre #EasterWeekend suggestion - why not use those extra days to peruse the programme for #GreenwayLiteraryFestival and book some tickets to join us as we partner with @XYZ #Greenway to bring this exciting line up? Check it out, here: 	NONE
63302	Legalization of Abortion	Gifts for people who think. Now shipping worldwide. #Plato #Philosophy #SupportPublicRadio	NONE
55077	Legalization of Abortion	This week: How should we think about death and the self? Tune in this Sunday 1/11 at 10 am pacific on KALW 91.7... 	NONE
16832	Legalization of Abortion	#BadThingsForADoctorToSay: "Abortion is health care." No, Doctor. No, it isn't. Unborn children are members of the human family just like the rest of us, and killing them is wrong. Full stop. 	AGAINST
61656	Legalization of Abortion	Over the course of #NationalPoetryDay Thursday 4 October, Greenway Writer in Residence J. R. Carpenter will post about the River Dart and its environs on Twitter. By the end of the day these Tweets will form a poem. Join in by following @XYZ #WritingPlaces @XYZ	NONE
32109	Legalization of Abortion	Its Budget Day Ohio! Let's look back on previous attacks on abortion in the state budget.  via @XYZ #OHBudget	FAVOR
55936	Legalization of Abortion	Our good pals at @XYZ are celebrating their 10th anniversary! Be sure to wish 'em happy b-day.	NONE
29641	Legalization of Abortion	Federal judge partially blocks Ohio law tightening abortion restrictions  #StopTheBans	FAVOR
23606	Legalization of Abortion	TY all who worked so hard. "@XYZ Montana Medicaid expansion initiative fails to qualify for November ballot "	FAVOR
00590	Legalization of Abortion	@XYZy_dorena Any pregnancy can turn deadly at any time, without warning. I can't force that on someone.	AGAINST
40252	Legalization of Abortion	READ: study on #abortion clinic violence. THX @XYZ *Clinics near #CPCs TWICE as likely to exp violence* 	FAVOR
20213	Legalization of Abortion	Amendment 42 on comprehensive collecting of data rejected Yes 4 No 30 #unjustbill #AmendTheBill #legisl8 #humanrights 	AGAINST
12680	Legalization of Abortion	For the record, we're not engaging with @XYZ as they've shown no interest in debating substantive abortion issue. Only interested in undermining the #prolife argument and our supporters deserve better. #LoveBoth	AGAINST
26673	Legalization of Abortion	I really didn't think anyone in the #antiabortion movement could think up a more useless form of activism than clinic harassing or CPCs but then @XYZ showed up and was like "Hold My Beer" #abbymail #attwn #prochoice #abortion 	FAVOR
06336	Legalization of Abortion	While extension to students welcome, it's interesting that the amendment in relation to Students was introduced at Committee stage by the pro-life TDs but wasn't accepted at that stage by @XYZ #unjustbill #amendthebill #humanrights #legisl8 #consciencerights	AGAINST
45894	Legalization of Abortion	Why would anyone want to be infinitely old? John &amp; Ken question the Lure of #Immortality – Sunday 10a / Tuesday 12p @XYZ 91.7 FM in SF. 	NONE
30584	Legalization of Abortion	Kochs defeated in #Montana: 6 lessons the country can learn from this rural Western state  via @XYZ #MTleg	FAVOR
48895	Legalization of Abortion	We want to say a huge thank you to @XYZ for their work on our highlights film from #WordonTour at Nether Stowey with @XYZ and @XYZ #LoveLibraires #SouthWestWriters 	NONE
50280	Legalization of Abortion	Join us at @XYZ in San Francisco this Sunday at noon to record "Neuro-engineering: Beyond the Five Senses" with @XYZ neuroscientist and host of The Brain on #PBS. Now save $5/ticket! Use discount code PHILOSOPHY Info and tickets: 	NONE
11863	Legalization of Abortion	Amendment 4 on Section 9 of the Bill is being withdrawn #amendthebill #standupforhumanrights #legisl8 #Unjustbill	AGAINST
00168	Legalization of Abortion	RT @XYZ I will fight for the unborn!	AGAINST
52457	Legalization of Abortion	That moment when you wake up and realize it's still the weekend!  Have a sleepyhead who would love a new pet bed? Here's how to choose just the right bed for your pet:  	NONE
29064	Legalization of Abortion	We are currently fighting new and terrible antichoice bills in NC. This is on top of the laundry list of of EXISTING barriers to abortion access: needless mandatory waiting periods, fake “clinics” using... 	FAVOR
16754	Legalization of Abortion	No one -- NO ONE -- should be allowed to take the life of a child in the womb. 	AGAINST
21051	Legalization of Abortion	There is no real respect for the choices women make unless they are in line with the repeal of the Eighth Amendment. 	AGAINST
30907	Legalization of Abortion	Convention starting soon! Lots of excitement. @XYZ &amp; @XYZ supporters in full force. #mtsen #mtpol 	FAVOR
37480	Legalization of Abortion	While the Ohio Senate debates the six-week abortion ban, give a watch to Rep. Catherine @XYZ floor speech on this bill:  #StopTheBans	FAVOR
40806	Legalization of Abortion	Two of the largest anti-choice groups in the nation have just demanded an abortion restriction on Obamacare... 	FAVOR
16084	Legalization of Abortion	In England/Wales, 1 in every 5 pregnancies ends in abortion. This is horrific but #repealthe8th = widespread abortion. Instead, #loveboth 	AGAINST
55942	Legalization of Abortion	We interviewed Laura Faye Smith, the current voice actress for #Rosalina:  #Nintendo	NONE
27563	Legalization of Abortion	Doctors and medical students testified to the Ohio Senate that they will leave Ohio if the state continues to criminalize physicians. Take action to stop bans on abortion care:  #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
11987	Legalization of Abortion	Seeing an ultrasound can have such a HUGE impact. Hard to imagine TDs would vote against a woman having a choice to view her ultrasound #amendthebill #unjustbill #legisl8 #humanrights 	AGAINST
50962	Legalization of Abortion	This week: Who has the right to decide my own medical treatment other than me? LIVE Sunday 10a @XYZ 91.7 FM in SF. 	NONE
05806	Legalization of Abortion	"We're committed to fighting for a world where all mothers can live healthy lives, and raise their children in peace." Yes, the nation's largest abortion chain -- Planned Parenthood -- actually tweeted that. 	AGAINST
03909	Legalization of Abortion	All babies deserve their chance at life. What the Government has proposed is too extreme. #LoveBothVoteNO #TooFarForMe	AGAINST
14697	Legalization of Abortion	Point makes no sense Dr. Harty. 'The beliefs of the doctor do not trump the beliefs of the patient' If a patient believes their own life should be ended, does the Dr succumb to that too? Disappointing contribution #consciencerights #unjustbill #amendthebill #humanrights #legisl8	AGAINST
52261	Legalization of Abortion	New segment: "From the Community" -  John and Ken take up a question from the Forum about the nature of tools.	NONE
47352	Legalization of Abortion	Happy birthday, Freddy N. Hopefully this article comparing you to Kanye West won't have you turning in your... 	NONE
54908	Legalization of Abortion	Brandon Bryant used to be drone operator for the U.S. Air Force. He shares his story on our show 'The Ethics of... 	NONE
42022	Legalization of Abortion	Sen. @XYZ tries to trip up witness with discussion of improvements of medical technology and why she feels Ohio should ban abortion access. The witness emphasizes that the decision should be left to women. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
54699	Legalization of Abortion	Check out this week's Free Stream! Could a “collective afterlife"--living on through the lives of... 	NONE
54511	Legalization of Abortion	He was, therefore he thought – happy birthday, René #Descartes. Our vintage episode from 2005:  #CogitoErgoSum	NONE
15772	Legalization of Abortion	By the 16th week of pregnancy, babies can swallow, yawn, suck, &amp; react to sound. The humanity of the unborn is incredible. #LoveBoth 	AGAINST
54042	Legalization of Abortion	Hey, you – slow down! Enjoy #InternationalWorkersDay by taking your time with a slow read at #PhilosophersCorner:  	NONE
02685	Legalization of Abortion	Only 14 hours left! There's still time to make a year-end donation in support of our work: 	AGAINST
35740	Legalization of Abortion	Proud to support @XYZ for #MTSupCo. Join the effort to re-elect Mike Wheat this evening. 	FAVOR
59213	Legalization of Abortion	This week: John &amp; Ken ask @XYZ astronomer @XYZ why #darkmatter matters – LIVE Sunday 10a @XYZ 91.7 in SF. 	NONE
39041	Legalization of Abortion	Our #clinicescort team needs your help! Please support our #Bowl17 goal, supporting @XYZ - 	FAVOR
64598	Legalization of Abortion	Director of Research Laura Maguire blogs about the ethics of drone warfare ahead of tomorrow's broadcast. 	NONE
63633	Legalization of Abortion	Reason #4 to support #PhilosophyTalk: We seek the truth, without fear or favoritism.   	NONE
25598	Legalization of Abortion	A good read in preparation for the sentencing decision for Zachary Klundt happening today. #StandWithSusan #MTnews 	FAVOR
65957	Legalization of Abortion	I finished this two weeks ago and I am still thinking about it, it is a phenomenal debut novel by a brilliantly witty and utterly fab voice @XYZ Definitely one for your weekend reading lists 👇👇 	NONE
22673	Legalization of Abortion	In this 2015 video, Eric Scheidler gives FIVE reasons to support H.R. 36, the Pain Capable Unborn Child... 	AGAINST
35832	Legalization of Abortion	WORK FOR US! Looking for a politico to help promote #reprorights! Jobs and Internships :: NARAL Pro-Choice Montana 	FAVOR
32242	Legalization of Abortion	Sen. @XYZ tries to trip up witness with discussion of improvements of medical technology and why she feels Ohio should ban abortion access. The witness emphasizes that the decision should be left to women. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
60716	Legalization of Abortion	LRT: demo version of Jump Super Star by the Treehouse writer who localized it 	NONE
33885	Legalization of Abortion	Hearing on SB 97, Revise parental notice of abortion and judicial bypass, was this morning in Senate Judiciary. This bill puts....#mtleg	FAVOR
44510	Legalization of Abortion	Witness evokes illegal actions of Kermit Gosnell as reason to remove access to safe and legal abortion access. #ThatDoesntMakeSense #StopTheBans	FAVOR
49927	Legalization of Abortion	Cat Valentine was such a cute name. It reallt represented Ariana in her My Everything era	NONE
26242	Legalization of Abortion	Jamee Greer w @XYZ stresses the need for comp sex ed for #LGBTQ youth in MT.They need a safe space,esp if it's not at home #MTLeg	FAVOR
41831	Legalization of Abortion	Testify! Tweet @ your Ohio Representatives to stop the six-week abortion ban -  via @XYZ	FAVOR
48050	Legalization of Abortion	We are saddened to hear news of the passing of #JudithKerr a striking talent in the world of children's book and creator of iconic characters - the mischievous, but loveable tiger just one. We particularly love #Mog too. Rest peacefully.	NONE
60059	Legalization of Abortion	Four outstanding live chats comings up at the Community of Thinkers...click below to see the lineup!... 	NONE
49739	Legalization of Abortion	Two months until #NationalPoetryCompetition winners are announced! In anticipation, join us for a night of poetry from 2017 commended poets Joseph Butler, @XYZ , and judge @XYZ at London’s Poetry Café, 6 Feb at 7:30! Book your tickets: 	NONE
57948	Legalization of Abortion	Someone is trying to get me to sell herbalife. I meant a job not a pyramid scheme	NONE
27841	Legalization of Abortion	Thank you, Governor Steve Bullock for standing up for women in Montana and around the country against this terrible attack on healthcare!  "Governor Steve Bullock and 13 governors across the... 	FAVOR
17909	Legalization of Abortion	Dr Andrew O’Regan Medical Practitioners for Life speaking to tell us a tiny number of cases being used to promote repeal. Doctors always work to save the life of the mother. #LoveBothVoteNO #8thref #TooFarForMe	AGAINST
19303	Legalization of Abortion	#tbt With all the discussion lately surrounding late-term abortion, this heartfelt op-ed... 	AGAINST
23882	Legalization of Abortion	As if you could forget - election day is tomorrow! Check out our voter guide and support pro-choice candidates! 	FAVOR
12880	Legalization of Abortion	Unborn children have human rights too, @XYZ They deserve the protection of Irish laws. Don't #repealthe8th. 	AGAINST
12993	Legalization of Abortion	Why won't @XYZ speak up for babies born alive and left to die alone in hospitals without medical care after "botched abortions"? 	AGAINST
18966	Legalization of Abortion	Listen to the stories of women who chose life in difficult situations onedaymore.ie Don't #repealthe8th Instead #loveboth	AGAINST
53120	Legalization of Abortion	I'm a part-time post grad student so I'm not wasting my time, but it just hurts to receive unfair rejections.	NONE
17102	Legalization of Abortion	Says the outgoing CEO of the nation's largest abortion chain, which ended the lives of 164,174 unborn baby girls last year. 	AGAINST
07975	Legalization of Abortion	Thanks to our friends at @XYZ for this great article about our recent protest of Planned Parenthood's fundraiser in Chicago! #ProtestPP #MondayMorning 	AGAINST
31149	Legalization of Abortion	A subcommittee tried to cut all federal funds for family planning services this morning(Title X), which would... 	FAVOR
63267	Legalization of Abortion	Your donation helps us enrich lives and open minds. We can’t do it without you! #Hobbes #SupportPublicRadio	NONE
02197	Legalization of Abortion	Gender attacks start in the womb as unborn baby girls are often unwanted. So gender equality has to start there too #DayoftheGirl 	AGAINST
35140	Legalization of Abortion	On #ElectionEve, @XYZ is ready to defeat Mike DeWine’s assault on health care. 	FAVOR
63867	Legalization of Abortion	Is Silicon Valley and its appetite for so-called "practical" philosophy turning the discipline into a commodity?  	NONE
10503	Legalization of Abortion	In England and Wales, 1 in 5 pregnancies end in abortion. This is one of the realities of the debate that #repealthe8th won't engage with. 	AGAINST
49956	Legalization of Abortion	I understand that I'm one of dozens of job applicants, but when the interviewers treat you like shit, then you know they're reducing your marks of purpose to not get the job.	NONE
10706	Legalization of Abortion	You know what's REALLY dangerous and unethical? Using one's skill as a doctor to take the lives of tiny, defenseless members of the human family. #WednesdayWisdom 	AGAINST
01361	Legalization of Abortion	On the 25th of May, if people vote Yes, that will mean that any unborn child - planned or unplanned - will not have the right to life in this country. - TD Mary Butler	AGAINST
06875	Legalization of Abortion	More and more people -- even many who are comfortable with abortion -- think the Government's proposal is far too extreme.  Get the facts:   Retweet and tweet #TooFarForMe to help spread the word! #LoveBothVoteNO	AGAINST
14515	Legalization of Abortion	National Day of Remembrance for Aborted Children is TOMORROW! Find a memorial service near you:  	AGAINST
54050	Legalization of Abortion	What makes a friend? #FrancisOnFilm reviews @XYZ the story of the friendship of Émile Zola &amp; Paul Cézanne.  	NONE
50293	Legalization of Abortion	TODAY: John and Ken welcome back Tommie Shelby from @XYZ author of "We Who Are Dark: The Philosophical Foundations of Black Solidarity" – 11 am on @XYZ 91.7 FM in San Francisco &amp; worldwide at  #philosophy #BlackHistoryMonth	NONE
53815	Legalization of Abortion	Reason #46 to support #PhilosophyTalk: It takes lots of people to make a radio show - hosts, a producer, researchers, a marketer, a web developer, a Roving Philosophical Reporter and a Sixty-Second Philosopher, to be exact. 	NONE
54363	Legalization of Abortion	What does it mean to have good taste in #music? John &amp; @XYZ ask @XYZ #rightnow on @XYZ 91.7 in SF: 	NONE
41442	Legalization of Abortion	We'll be at @XYZ on Maywood from 5:30 - 7:30 tonight making posters for the Abortion Access Dance Party THIS SATURDAY!  Come join us! We would love to have your support as we dance our butts off and stand up for abortion rights! #ProChoice	FAVOR
58771	Legalization of Abortion	Is one person's #trash really another's treasure? LIVE 11a @XYZ 91.7 in #SanFrancisco – call 800-525-9917 to share. 	NONE
58988	Legalization of Abortion	New sounds from Philosophy Talk: The Limits of Medical Consent  on #SoundCloud	NONE
30977	Legalization of Abortion	How To Prevent Teen Pregnancies Without Shaming Young Women  via @XYZ Reduce teen pregnancy w/ #NoTeenShame	FAVOR
12242	Legalization of Abortion	Those alive with Down Syndrome know they are valued in Ireland because of the 8th Amendment. #LoveBothVoteNO #8thref #SaveThe8th	AGAINST
57365	Legalization of Abortion	🙏 🎖️Hurray! @XYZ Members galore in the @XYZ Prize Poetry Competition inc  @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ &amp; MORE MORE MORE!   	NONE
04004	Legalization of Abortion	Al Byrne: After his mother had a miscarriage at 15 weeks of pregnancy, he became firmly pro-life. The baby, Jimmy, lived for four hours. “Just being able to see that, he had all his limbs and everything, he had a heartbeat, I could see the humanity” #LoveBothVoteNO #8thRef	AGAINST
50209	Legalization of Abortion	Just one week left to #win a #geekytee from The Philosophy Talk Shop! To enter, go to  read articles you like, and post at least one thoughtful comment. Next week we'll select 3 commenters to win their favorite t-shirt! #giveaway #philosophy	NONE
03203	Legalization of Abortion	"When pro-choice activists pivot away from abortion to other topics, such as birth control and health care, they... 	AGAINST
22344	Legalization of Abortion	“There’s nothing you can do to remove that stigma because the stigma comes from what is the destruction of human life,” said Eric Scheidler, executive director of the Pro-Life Action... 	AGAINST
04050	Legalization of Abortion	We're faced with a once-in-a-generation vote on Friday. We need your help. #LoveBothVoteNO #TooFarForMe #rtept 	AGAINST
49333	Legalization of Abortion	Today 7pm! Award-winning poet Kate Wakeling reads adult poetry plus children's poetry in Studio Morison’s enchanted children’s library at the @XYZ Greenwich, London. For all ages, drop-ins welcome, plus there's an open bar. Details here  	NONE
50248	Legalization of Abortion	Happy #PiDay! Ever wondered what #numbers REALLY are? Listen to this vintage program with Gideon Rosen from @XYZ co-author of "A Subject With No Object":  #philosophy #math #mathematics 	NONE
32451	Legalization of Abortion	Proving just how nuts they are the OH House tried to shove through a sneak attack amendment that would have redefined most birth control as abortion and then banned all insurance coverage for abortion. It also removed ALL exceptions for rape and invest from abortion law in OH.	FAVOR
52270	Legalization of Abortion	Happy birthday, Freddy N. Hopefully this article comparing you to Kanye West won't have you turning in your... 	NONE
46591	Legalization of Abortion	Is faith irrational? If so, is that necessarily a bad thing?  For that matter, does reason itself require a kind... 	NONE
35126	Legalization of Abortion	RELEASE: Unconstitutional Abortion Ban Under Consideration -  via @XYZ #StopTheBans	FAVOR
41678	Legalization of Abortion	The quotation marks there are very necessary, because abortion pill reversal is a bogus concept. Justification for this bill is primarily based on a case study published in 2012 that did not conform to minimum standards for medical research.  	FAVOR
22452	Legalization of Abortion	#ItsNotReallyNecessary to ever take the life of a genetically distinct, whole human being. 	AGAINST
57005	Legalization of Abortion	Upcoming event notice: @XYZ are presenting a performance for primary schools with children's poet Valerie Bloom @XYZ on 19th October. One for teachers to get in their #Autumn diaries: 	NONE
48026	Legalization of Abortion	SW Writers: apply by 25 June to be @XYZ next Resident Playwright, with a £6,500 commission for a new play and R&amp;D resources. 	NONE
14169	Legalization of Abortion	The vote on the Irish abortion referendum next Friday, May 25 is going to be very, very close. Your prayers are needed to help #Savethe8th! 	AGAINST
47354	Legalization of Abortion	Does former US Senator Russ Feingold think democracy and corporate corporate can peacefully co-exist? Tune in... 	NONE
03979	Legalization of Abortion	Dr Peter Boylan wants you to believe that all medics support repeal, but @XYZ disagree - many Irish doctors believe they can give world class care under the 8th Amendment #LoveBothVoteNO #TooFarForMe #8thref	AGAINST
33263	Legalization of Abortion	Pregnant, and No Civil Rights  via @XYZ Very imp piece by National Advocates for Pregnant Women	FAVOR
37331	Legalization of Abortion	As lawmakers debate abortion bans, Ohioans demanding the #StopTheBans rally on High Street. No bans on rights are acceptable. 	FAVOR
57694	Legalization of Abortion	Our #ClassicPoemWorldCup final poem  Let us go then, you and I, bent double, like old beggars under sacks. I met a traveller from an antique land. My heart aches, and a drowsy numbness pains. 	NONE
63434	Legalization of Abortion	What is the meaning of life? And why do philosophers in the English speaking world tend not to take this question seriously?  #PhilosophersCorner	NONE
63282	Legalization of Abortion	What does #Foucault mean when he says that "freedom is the ontological condition of power"? Listen as Josh and Ken ask Gary Gutting from the @XYZ in this week's FREE stream! #philosophy #philosophers 	NONE
50590	Legalization of Abortion	TODAY: The Philosophers question the life and thought of Theodor #Adorno LIVE at 11 am on @XYZ 91.7 FM in San Francisco.  #philosophy #art #capitalism	NONE
44443	Legalization of Abortion	Next witness, Cheryl Pentella, represents the National Council of Jewish Women. The Christian-based reasoning for this bill does not match the values of the Jewish faith. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
20173	Legalization of Abortion	"Today will be remembered in years to come as the day Ireland abandoned authentic human rights" Read our Statement on the day the new abortion law takes effect here.  #chooselife #prolife #supportmomsandbabies #newyearnewresolve #fightonloveboth #loveboth 	AGAINST
64410	Legalization of Abortion	New sounds from Philosophy Talk: Saint John Coltrane Church  on #SoundCloud	NONE
52422	Legalization of Abortion	Have you entered our Hairball Awareness Day sweepstakes yet? The prize is a FURminator deShedding tool plus hairball remedies. TEN winners! Enter here:  	NONE
51510	Legalization of Abortion	Is faith irrational? If so, is that necessarily a bad thing?  For that matter, does reason itself require a kind... 	NONE
34760	Legalization of Abortion	With so much heated rhetoric coming from the White House to the Statehouse, we need to let Ohio abortion providers know that we care about them. Share your story about why you’re thankful for abortion providers:  #AbortionProviderAppreciationDay 	FAVOR
37154	Legalization of Abortion	Sen. NickieAntonio asks "When you were talking with your friend about her abortion, did you think you should make that decision for her?" Witness admits that she once did, but listened to her friend and respected her wishes. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
49610	Legalization of Abortion	"My father weighed a little less than at birth." Read Yvonne Reddick's @XYZ National Poetry Competition top 10 poem 'Muirburn'  Peggy Poole Award readings, 13th March at Bluecoat, Liverpool. Book now  	NONE
24422	Legalization of Abortion	#NCHB2 eliminates EVERY non-discrimination ordinance in the state, wiping out decades of progress in one swoop. #WeAreNotThis	FAVOR
29709	Legalization of Abortion	Busy week at the Statehouse: * Rep. Antani's misinformation bill is in Health Committee this morning. * Committee vote for six-week abortion ban (and a highly inflammatory resolution) this afternoon. * Likely Senate votes on six-week ban &amp; resolution tomorrow. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
65194	Legalization of Abortion	Why are most philosophers these days atheists? And can merely wanting to believe in God make you a believer?... 	NONE
36881	Legalization of Abortion	Our last speaker is La’Tasha Mayes, with New Voices for Reproductive Justice. “This bill is a miscalculation.” #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
24989	Legalization of Abortion	Sen. @XYZ Maharath: How much will the legal battles over this bill cost Ohioans?  Sen. Roegner's answer compares abortion with slavery. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
51380	Legalization of Abortion	John Perry blogs about trolleys and morality. The conversation continues TODAY at 10 am on @XYZ 91.7 FM in SF: 	NONE
45521	Legalization of Abortion	What is so hellish about other people? Find out by listening to this week's FREE stream! Don't miss John and Ken's discussion with Thomas Flynn from @XYZ about the life and thought of Jean-Paul #Sartre. 	NONE
42751	Legalization of Abortion	How Five Decades Of Legal Birth Control Have Changed Americans’ Lives  via @XYZ	FAVOR
25214	Legalization of Abortion	This senate committee is hearing from parents, physicians, clergy, health care advocates... all opposed to this abortion ban. Will they listen? Have they heard from you?  #StopTheBans	FAVOR
15489	Legalization of Abortion	Pls RT: Our press release commenting on remarks made by @XYZ today on #8committee:  	AGAINST
52639	Legalization of Abortion	LRT: Super Mario World's item box apparently proved to be problematic for the game designers 	NONE
37621	Legalization of Abortion	Thank you, Governor Steve Bullock for standing up for women in Montana and around the country against this terrible attack on healthcare!  "Governor Steve Bullock and 13 governors across the... 	FAVOR
64993	Legalization of Abortion	We're having a LIVE CHAT with Allen Thompson guest on "The Moral Costs of Climate Change" right now! 	NONE
32543	Legalization of Abortion	Emily Heiden had an abortion 5 years ago. “If a ban like this had existed at that time, I would not have been able to end my pregnancy. I can hardly write that sentence.” #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
26285	Legalization of Abortion	HB 104 is up for 2nd reading on the House Floor rt now. Regier claims it protects pregnant women. We believe it undermines the rt to choose.	FAVOR
50984	Legalization of Abortion	Immanuel #Kant born 293 years ago today, ergo it is categorically imperative that you listen to our vintage program: 	NONE
25087	Legalization of Abortion	Sen. @XYZ calls the debate "existential." We're sure no woman seeking abortion care is doing so for existential reasons. She's doing it because she's pregnant and knows she does not want to be. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
49394	Legalization of Abortion	The Poetry Review out now ed @XYZ cover by   w/ @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ Marilyn Hacker, @XYZ @XYZ Sharon Olds, Sara Peters, @XYZ Denise Riley &amp; more!   	NONE
57171	Legalization of Abortion	We've got two exclusive interviews with #SouthWestWriters whose books were published this week. Look out for them, coming soon. @XYZ #Readon #SouthWest literary talent!	NONE
46916	Legalization of Abortion	Do the dominant ideologies of our time emerge out of our economic system and class structures? Or are these... 	NONE
42799	Legalization of Abortion	VETO #1! "Montana's elected officials have no business substituting their personal beliefs for the sound medical... 	FAVOR
44539	Legalization of Abortion	Podcast: The latest first hearing on the six-week ban  via @XYZ #StopTheBans	FAVOR
03287	Legalization of Abortion	Self-reporting means under-reporting, and means hopelessly unreliable data on abortion complications. #SafeandLegal? 	AGAINST
50409	Legalization of Abortion	What kind of right is the right to bear arms, if it is a right at all? John and Ken question the #2ndAmendment w/ Hugh LaFollette from @XYZ author of "In Defense of #GunControl" Sunday 11 am / Tuesday 12 noon @XYZ 91.7 FM in SF &amp; worldwide at  	NONE
06433	Legalization of Abortion	Amendment 38 would create a duty on doctors to save the life of the baby if she is born alive after a failed abortion. How can anyone argue with this Amendment? #AmendtheBill #UnjustBill #legisl8 #HumanRights 	AGAINST
55830	Legalization of Abortion	Miss out on an SNES Classic today? Don't feel that you have to pay exuberant prices to get one. Nintendo will continue to ship into 2018. 	NONE
49676	Legalization of Abortion	Tribute to Tom Leonard helluva hard tay read theez init stull if yi canny unnirston thim jiss clear aff then gawn get tay fuck ootma road ahmaz goodiz thi lota yiz so ah um 	NONE
25396	Legalization of Abortion	Thank you, Governor Steve Bullock for standing up for women in Montana and around the country against this terrible attack on healthcare!  "Governor Steve Bullock and 13 governors across the... 	FAVOR
03880	Legalization of Abortion	The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that there is no ‘right to abortion’. Ireland is under no obligation to change its abortion laws. Read the link:     #LoveBothVoteNO #8thref #TooFarForMe	AGAINST
61950	Legalization of Abortion	As we head off to @XYZ for our next series of events on #WordonTour, this is your one week reminder that we'll be visiting #Burnhamlibrary next Wednesday @XYZ to celebrate words with #AdrewMiller and @XYZ Tickets here:  	NONE
65104	Legalization of Abortion	We are a long way from our goal. You value what we do. Won't you help? Any gift, large or small, gets us closer!  	NONE
03491	Legalization of Abortion	Amendment 24 (seeking prohibition of abortion on grounds of disability, race or gender) rejected Yes 32, No 6 #unjustbill #amendthebill #humanrights #ChooseLife	AGAINST
06286	Legalization of Abortion	A second vote on amendments to Section 8 now taking place #amendthebill #unjustbill #standupforhumanrights #legisl8	AGAINST
21935	Legalization of Abortion	"All I can think as I take in the little nose, her dainty ears, the mouth that never got to smile but almost, somehow, seems ready to, is that: 'She’s so perfect. She’s so perfect, and we destroyed her.'" 	AGAINST
40834	Legalization of Abortion	HB 619, a constitutional referendum for no secured right to abortion or its public funding, is being discussed on... 	FAVOR
06839	Legalization of Abortion	We're faced with a once-in-a-generation vote on Friday. We need your help. #LoveBothVoteNO #TooFarForMe #rtept 	AGAINST
11439	Legalization of Abortion	"I couldn’t help noticing that some of the concrete was already crumbling at the rear edges of Planned Parenthood’s twenty-million-dollar building. Concrete must be properly 'cured'—kept moist while... 	AGAINST
35734	Legalization of Abortion	Family Research Council, Anti-Gay &amp; Anti-Choice Activists, Pitch In For #MTSupCo Race via @XYZ  #mtpol	FAVOR
25169	Legalization of Abortion	An @XYZ abortion storyteller and @XYZ intern Jordyn Close shares her abortion experience with the committee, discussion the hurdles to accessing the procedure, including abortion stigma. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
29365	Legalization of Abortion	Absolutely amazed by the fearless resilience of our volunteer crew. We had 11 volunteers (one not… 	FAVOR
60744	Legalization of Abortion	According to Encyclopedia Super Mario Bros., the Yoshis in Super Mario Sunshine were created from Bowser Jr's paintbrush. 	NONE
45388	Legalization of Abortion	TODAY: John and Ken question #AffirmativeAction with @XYZ from @XYZ author of "The Anatomy of Racial Inequality" – 11 am on @XYZ 91.7 FM in San Francisco &amp; worldwide at  #philosophy #race #justice	NONE
60679	Legalization of Abortion	Summer theme song for the French programming block "DKTV", featuring the rare lobster Funky Kong. 	NONE
26666	Legalization of Abortion	A headline that didn't shock us at all. The good news - Your local clinic escorts are heading into 2019 with a proactive strategy! Want to join us? Send us a message!... 	FAVOR
60098	Legalization of Abortion	This week's free stream! If you like what you hear please consider becoming a Partner in our Community of Thinkers! 	NONE
59467	Legalization of Abortion	We have merch at @XYZ #doggieclothes, #babyclothes, cups &amp; more  #philosophy #publicrado	NONE
61766	Legalization of Abortion	#Writers! Are you working on a first-commissioned work of non-fiction? Apply now for an @XYZ Giles St Aubyn Award. Two awards (£10,000 &amp; £5,000) will be made. Application deadline: Wednesday 19 September, 5pm. 	NONE
23442	Legalization of Abortion	So many of you helped when an #abortion clinic in Kalispell was vandalized. Please help again as we defend access. 	FAVOR
40486	Legalization of Abortion	HB479 forces doctors to perform a medical procedure on women, even if it against the doctor’s best medical... 	FAVOR
31335	Legalization of Abortion	People are gathering at the Capitol today, we've got out stuff set up and ready to rally! #uawowMT	FAVOR
24522	Legalization of Abortion	Hey Ohio! Our organizers are awesome on Instagram. Are you following us? #StopTheBans #AbortionSolidarity 	FAVOR
62041	Legalization of Abortion	It's now officially 2 WEEKS TO GO until we'll be at @XYZ for our next #WordonTour event. Celebrate words with us in #Cornwall as we present an evening with #poets @XYZ &amp; @XYZ Tickets here:  &amp; here  #livelit 	NONE
12195	Legalization of Abortion	PLS RT: Send an e-card to your local Oireachtas Members today. Stand up for doctors who shouldn't be forced to perform or facilitate abortions.  #FightOnLoveBoth 	AGAINST
08226	Legalization of Abortion	This video of the #March4LifeChi has been viewed over 97,000 times:  #WhyWeMarch	AGAINST
61369	Legalization of Abortion	Advance notice: The @XYZ Winston Graham Historical Fiction prize 2020 is accepting submissions from 1st January 2019. Read more about it and get preparing those submissions: 	NONE
09901	Legalization of Abortion	Taoiseach’s remarks in Texas underline what repeal would mean in practice: 	AGAINST
50059	Legalization of Abortion	Shoutout to the single fathers who have to fill in the mother's shoes.  Thank you to my uncle for raising my cousins. You have provided for them when your ex-wife didn't. The courts gave her custody just for being a woman, but she refused her own children. Thank you.	NONE
18941	Legalization of Abortion	Wide spectrum of enthusiastic people here at #plc2016 today, young and old, children and parents, all religions and none. #loveboth	AGAINST
53273	Legalization of Abortion	What do the @XYZ and John Rawls' Theory of #Justice have in common? #FrancisOnFilm says they both offer a picture of justice under ideal circumstances and ignore the real injustices of the non-ideal here and now: 	NONE
03285	Legalization of Abortion	If someone wants to have an abortion simply because the baby is a girl, Planned Parenthood is OK with that. #DayoftheGirl 	AGAINST
62633	Legalization of Abortion	⏰ STOP THE POETRY PRESSES ⏰There's an exciting late addition to our line-up on 6th February... the one and only 🌟ALISON BRACKENBURY🌟, author of Aunt Margaret's Pudding, which was featured in the latest issue of The Poetry Review. Get your tickets now at the link below! 	NONE
46636	Legalization of Abortion	It's a Christmas miracle – John and Ken talk good, evil, and the divine plan on this week's FREE stream. 	NONE
02074	Legalization of Abortion	What can you do to help the work of the Pro Life Campaign in 2017? Get in touch with us and find out how you can make a difference #loveboth 	AGAINST
67631	Legalization of Abortion	The Guardian selects its best poetry of 2018, inc Danez Smith,Tracy K Smith, Jericho Brown, Robin Robertson, Ann Wroe, Mark Ford, Hannah Sullivan, Nick Laird, Martina Evans, Clive James &amp; England: Poems From a School ed. Kate Clanchy 	NONE
42865	Legalization of Abortion	Rep @XYZ unintended consequence of #RFRA is state sanctioned racism. #BoycottIndiana will next be #BoycottMontana #MTleg	FAVOR
43002	Legalization of Abortion	So many of you helped when an #abortion clinic in Kalispell was vandalized. Please help again as we defend access. 	FAVOR
36334	Legalization of Abortion	'This bill [HB 280] takes into the physician's office a state mandate for an expensive and unnecessary medical procedure.' --Rep. MacDonald	FAVOR
16405	Legalization of Abortion	100s of pro-lifers are in the Illinois State Capitol to oppose 2 horrible pro-abortion bills: HB 2467 and HB 2495. 	AGAINST
07942	Legalization of Abortion	We’re at the headquarters of Stericycle telling them to cut all ties with @XYZ Join the effort by tweeting “@XYZ DUMP Planned Parenthood!” 	AGAINST
04055	Legalization of Abortion	Yes campaigner wants Ireland to have 'its own laws' on abortion. We know what the Govt is planning and its abortion on demand up to 12 weeks #LoveBothVoteNo #rtept #TooFarForMe	AGAINST
43841	Legalization of Abortion	If you have never donated to an #abortionfund before, NOW IS THE TIME! Abortion funds across the country have noticed a decrease in participation and donations during the annual bowl-a-thon. We need your help to keep our fund going!... 	FAVOR
59731	Legalization of Abortion	New sounds from Philosophy Talk: The Power and Perils of Satire  on #SoundCloud	NONE
29462	Legalization of Abortion	Friendly reminder that abortion is still legal in *checks list* all 50 states.  To find a clinic in Ohio, visit 	FAVOR
40207	Legalization of Abortion	The real #womenbetrayed are those held down by politicians who try to shame them no matter what decision they make.	FAVOR
22490	Legalization of Abortion	Just like you, I'm a member of the human family, and my life has value...no matter what Planned Parenthood says. #IfMyLifeWereASlogan 	AGAINST
02613	Legalization of Abortion	#IAmOldEnoughTo know a little history. Did you know Planned Parenthood published a brochure in the 1950s admitting straight-up that abortion "kills the life of a baby after it has begun"? 	AGAINST
33770	Legalization of Abortion	And now NARAL Pro-Choice Montana endorsed candidate for Attorney General, Pam Bucy! #uawowMT	FAVOR
14575	Legalization of Abortion	Very welcome news from Edinburgh! 🤰❤️ Edinburgh City Council reject #ExclusionZones as peaceful pro-life vigils are not causing any issues. #BeHereForMe #SupportSavesLives #SupportNotAbortion #FightOnLoveBoth  	AGAINST
49728	Legalization of Abortion	1-1 feedback on your poems with Katrina Naomi, @XYZ Poetry Cafe  Friday 1 Feb, 3.30pm - 1 hour session, face to face Go!  “I feel I have taken a welcome step forward. A most enjoyable and productive hour, thank you.”  	NONE
17464	Legalization of Abortion	Order for Fifth stage made. The Final Stage vote will take place shortly #legis18 #amendthebill #unjustbill #humanrights	AGAINST
09617	Legalization of Abortion	At 12 weeks the baby can be seen sucking its thumb and wiggling in the womb. Don’t deny the humanity of this baby. #lovebothvoteno #8thref #toofarforme	AGAINST
21867	Legalization of Abortion	Every once in a while the nation's largest abortion chain, Planned Parenthood, unwittingly shows all its cards and drops any veneer of respectability. #ReasonsYouStayOnTwitter 	AGAINST
04701	Legalization of Abortion	What can you do to help the work of the Pro Life Campaign in 2017? Get in touch with us and find out how you can make a difference #loveboth 	AGAINST
36496	Legalization of Abortion	We need your help! We are collecting hygiene products (focusing on black hair care products and period products, but ALL hygiene products will be accepted) for folks impacted by the East Greensboro Tornado. If... 	FAVOR
62806	Legalization of Abortion	I attended the first interview with one of these jobs over a month ago. I was told that it's between me and someone else. The other job told me they will email me today latest. The other job was just a first interview so that will take some times	NONE
10578	Legalization of Abortion	#plc2016 @XYZ "testimony at Gosnell trial is the worst thing I've ever heard" @XYZ #loveboth	AGAINST
07904	Legalization of Abortion	Read our latest blog post on @XYZ keynote speaker at #Celebrate8th  #prolife 	AGAINST
45869	Legalization of Abortion	ICYMI: Our program on the #InternetofThings with Carl Hewitt is now available to stream free.  #ioT #privacy #data	NONE
11194	Legalization of Abortion	Abortion is an act of violence against a fellow member of the human family. ^ This is true whether you call today #ColumbusDay or #IndigenousPeoplesDay2018. 	AGAINST
10105	Legalization of Abortion	Why were @XYZ invited to #citizensassembly as "impartial expert" when they were under investigation by Care Quality Commission in UK? 	AGAINST
48638	Legalization of Abortion	Our friends @XYZ are currently on the lookout for an illustrator for a brand new collection of poems, Wain, on LGBTQ themes by @XYZ If you're interested, check out the details, here:  #Poetry #IndependentPress	NONE
30328	Legalization of Abortion	Happy 44th Birthday Roe v. Wade! DONATE TODAY &gt;&gt;&lt;&lt; Join us in taking action with “4... 	FAVOR
05494	Legalization of Abortion	Abortion ≠ "a fundamental part of living life." Abortion = violently ending life. 	AGAINST
41264	Legalization of Abortion	McGee withdraws amendment and heads back to the drawing board. Amendment referenced HIV, Emergency Medical Services and WIC.	FAVOR
00614	Legalization of Abortion	My #MondayMotivation is quite simple: Defund, Shutdown and Prosecute #PlannedParenthood! We are the #FetalUprising	AGAINST
25889	Legalization of Abortion	Think women shouldn't get fired 4 being pregnant? Neither do we. Our work matters. #GivingTuesday  #prochoice=#prolife	FAVOR
24541	Legalization of Abortion	Ohio abortion fight heading to court after lawsuits filed against the state  Reporting from @XYZ 	FAVOR
00038	Legalization of Abortion	They may need to figure out how to get out of school or work that day.	NONE
38038	Legalization of Abortion	#Abortion Opponents r Getting Really Creative About Enshrining Bad Science Into Law  via @XYZ #MTleg #MTpol	FAVOR
27280	Legalization of Abortion	And that's our final witness. Committee is over. TAKE ACTION:  Tell your Ohio state senator to protect abortion access. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
47569	Legalization of Abortion	Have you entered yet? Sign up for your chance to #WIN an innovative dog-walking system including leash holder, poop bag dispenser, flashlight, dual leash holder and treat container with clicker plus a bag of yummy PureBites treats:  	NONE
44230	Legalization of Abortion	This is the last committee hearing on Senate Bill 23, which is expected to be on the House floor tomorrow at 1 p.m. COME TO THE STATEHOUSE TOMORROW:  #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
47570	Legalization of Abortion	Introducing... our new commercial! Have you seen it on TV yet? What are your thoughts? We'd love to hear your feedback! 	NONE
57239	Legalization of Abortion	#WorldBeeDay from 'Bee Mornings' #poem by @XYZ    The bees that sleep inside me fill my mind with buzz. I am Nectar they say, I am Wax and Cone, I am of Bee but not of Bee.  	NONE
27327	Legalization of Abortion	Next witness, Mason Caminiti, is a true #MenForChoice! He's telling the committee that they should respect women's rights. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
23706	Legalization of Abortion	Please sign this petition to tell the legislature that Montana can't wait another two years! We have the money... 	FAVOR
52210	Legalization of Abortion	Keep hope alive Help Philosophy Talk thrive With as little as a five Or give more, if that's too jive! 	NONE
37401	Legalization of Abortion	According to @XYZ another problem with Ohio law is that it does not provide adequate custody protections for victims who become pregnant through rape or incest and wish to keep their child. The legislature has failed to act. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
28138	Legalization of Abortion	.@XYZ is a #prochoice champion. Tell him #MillionsOfMontanans have his back. #MTleg 	FAVOR
40260	Legalization of Abortion	Vandal gets jail time &amp; is ordered to pay restitution. #RestorativeJustice 	FAVOR
36654	Legalization of Abortion	Thank you so much for supporting our team and getting us closer to our goal! 	FAVOR
34339	Legalization of Abortion	We are here protesting Ohio RTL introducing the Junk Science Act, a bill that would force doctors to give medically inaccurate information to their patients about medication abortion. 	FAVOR
22465	Legalization of Abortion	Illinois abortion clinic fined $2000 for putting patients in "immediate jeopardy." #SafeandLegal?  	AGAINST
48570	Legalization of Abortion	It costs just £250 to place a poet into a #MemoryCafe to facilitate one of our #NationalMemoryDay poetry sessions. Thanks to our match funded #ChallengeFund w/ @XYZ , we can provide a session for £125. Help us do this by donating here:  Thank you.	NONE
45888	Legalization of Abortion	Is lack of memory a moral defense? Listen to Josh &amp; Ken try to solve a conundrum:  And vote: 	NONE
10183	Legalization of Abortion	90% of babies diagnosed with Down Syndrome in the womb in England &amp; Wales are aborted. #Repealthe8th = discrimination. Instead #LoveBoth 	AGAINST
61421	Legalization of Abortion	Back from a wonderful lunch provided by @XYZ what amazing hospitality and an amazing venue thank you! Now for more inspiration! #gettingpublished @XYZ	NONE
14119	Legalization of Abortion	Uh, Planned Parenthood? If you like your Title X funding, you can keep your Title X funding. Just stop doing abortions. Simple as that. #TuesdayThoughts	AGAINST
13823	Legalization of Abortion	#WhyWeMarch: Because abortion corrupts everything it touches. THIS SUNDAY, Jan. 13th at 2:00pm in Federal Plaza in Chicago. Be there! →  	AGAINST
64269	Legalization of Abortion	"The Mystery of Music" w @XYZ / "The Struggles of Democracy" w #AishwaryKumar LIVE @XYZ SF this Sunday. 	NONE
27577	Legalization of Abortion	Joining faith leaders in opposing this abortion ban, Jen Scott of Tri-State Freethinkers &amp; American Atheists also testified against the bill. They oppose the insertion of a religious agenda on all women. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
62031	Legalization of Abortion	Parents, it's #halfterm next week and if you're looking for something to keep your little #writers entertained and #engaged, check out @XYZ #StoryAdventurers workshop:  #halftermheroes	NONE
16501	Legalization of Abortion	“I have news for you, we don’t need to manufacture rage over that. It exists because there is something fundamentally wrong with us as a society when we’re not willing to be welcoming of a child that is coming into that situation." 	AGAINST
36820	Legalization of Abortion	Excited to be partnering w/ @XYZ for their 4/22 show in Cleveland! When they heard about the anti-choice legislation we’ve been fighting here in Ohio, they stepped up to help increase awareness. Come see them &amp; learn more about what we do, courtesy of our @XYZ 💥 	FAVOR
58012	Legalization of Abortion	Independent thinking is a skill one should have before they join social media	NONE
43989	Legalization of Abortion	Thank you so much for supporting our team and getting us closer to our goal! 	FAVOR
19418	Legalization of Abortion	Looking for a New Year's resolution? Here's one: Make 2019 the year you commit to praying outside your local abortion clinic on a regular basis. 	AGAINST
07248	Legalization of Abortion	Usually referendums add protection to human rights. #RepealThe8th would strip the unborn child of all meaningful protections. #loveboth 	AGAINST
33289	Legalization of Abortion	Family Research Council, Anti-Gay &amp; Anti-Choice Activists, Pitch In For #MTSupCo Race via @XYZ  #mtpol	FAVOR
03841	Legalization of Abortion	Get involved. Get in touch. Become part of the solution today. #chooselife #prolife #loveboth 	AGAINST
05062	Legalization of Abortion	Incorrect link earlier - here is our spokesperson @XYZ discussing today's plans with @XYZ 	AGAINST
52557	Legalization of Abortion	In a particularly heinous case of false advertising, the back cover of Super Mario Land promises giant (presumably enemy) crabs. But there are no crabs in the game. 	NONE
32597	Legalization of Abortion	Next witness is Rodney E. Lord from Freedom Gate Church. He believes his religious views should block your reproductive freedom. Earlier today, speakers from @XYZ &amp; @XYZ said abortion access should be available to all. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
23528	Legalization of Abortion	The #MT #ReproRights Coalition speaks out on child endangerment charge against pregnant Ravalli County woman 	FAVOR
61699	Legalization of Abortion	We're #SharingSpace this Friday - Sameera Zehra reads The Lorry Driver's Tale from @XYZ volume one. #28for28 @XYZ 	NONE
56863	Legalization of Abortion	Happiest of publication days to our patron, the wonderful @XYZ whose new novel #TakeNothingWithYou celebrates its #bookbirthday	NONE
38636	Legalization of Abortion	Thank you to the ten amazing volunteers that came to the Helena headquarters last night and helped us complete a... 	FAVOR
07357	Legalization of Abortion	Unborn babies have human rights too. It's sad and shocking that @XYZ are running a campaign to #repealthe8th and remove these rts 	AGAINST
02388	Legalization of Abortion	#YouKnowMe: I'm a member of the human family -- just like you, and my life has value -- just like yours. 	AGAINST
64365	Legalization of Abortion	Episode #1 of our series on the origins of the universe is ready for Free Streaming! Click below and learn about... 	NONE
36916	Legalization of Abortion	Email your Ohio representative:  Tell them to #StopTheBans before this abortion ban hits Mike DeWine's desk.	FAVOR
09621	Legalization of Abortion	Geraldine Martin: Many pro-choice people have come to us and said they are voting No because this is too extreme. #LoveBothVoteNo #TooFarForMe	AGAINST
37182	Legalization of Abortion	Next witness has medical training, but her reason for banning abortion access is because of "God's heart." That's #NotAReason for banning abortion. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
64600	Legalization of Abortion	This week: Are #drones precise, efficient weapons, or do they just make #war too easy? Sunday 10 am @XYZ 91.7 FM: 	NONE
57579	Legalization of Abortion	23 days to go until the 40th anniversary event for the National Poetry Competition Read the poem 'The Chair' by @XYZ @XYZ  20th March, Kings Place  	NONE
50093	Legalization of Abortion	Time to study for my car theory exam. I still haven't gotten my license because this county is full of traffic and the busses are okay. I still have to sit for both exams. Goodnight	NONE
14495	Legalization of Abortion	#tbt Five years ago this week, the Pro-Life Action League sponsored the "Converted: From Abortion Provider to... 	AGAINST
24549	Legalization of Abortion	Happening now: @XYZ is announcing the lawsuit to challenge Gov. @XYZ abortion ban. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
21299	Legalization of Abortion	The baby in the womb has human rights too. #SheIsNotACriminal, @XYZ Please stop treating her like one. Don't #repealthe8th 	AGAINST
25290	Legalization of Abortion	Testify! Why do you support abortion rights? -  via @XYZ &amp; @XYZ #StopTheBans	FAVOR
62755	Legalization of Abortion	🍾 shortlist for the Michael Marks Awards for Poetry Pamphlets has been announced &amp; includes @XYZ Member Gina Wilson's ‘It Was and It Wasn’t’ (Mariscat Press). Congratulations to Gina &amp; Liz @XYZ Ian Parks, Rakshan Rizwan &amp; Carol Rumens  	NONE
16763	Legalization of Abortion	"How could all of this go unnoticed for decades? Answer: he was hiding his murders in plain sight. This was possible because they took place in an abortion facility, giving him an... 	AGAINST
36117	Legalization of Abortion	Less than 90 hrs til election day! 2 find your polling place txt VOTE to 49609, follow instructions, then reply w/ your home address!	FAVOR
60860	Legalization of Abortion	Fun fax: Nintendo did the very first "Expand Dong" joke, way back in 1995 #DKC 	NONE
34234	Legalization of Abortion	Check out the #ProtectTheZone hastag to see what REALLY happens in NC and around the country outside of #abortion care facilities #RoeNC43	FAVOR
23166	Legalization of Abortion	Defense calls witness to challenge Cahills business value estimate. Says value decreases as business is closed for time. #SheDidntWant2Close	FAVOR
11661	Legalization of Abortion	"A just, merciful and compassionate society does not kill those who are imperfect..."  	AGAINST
41617	Legalization of Abortion	Today kicks off summer outreach season! Our field team will be spending all day at #DaytonPride &amp; #PrideInTheCLE! Follow us at  to see them in action! 🏳️‍🌈	FAVOR
06424	Legalization of Abortion	Disappointing that Dr. Michael Harty is not supporting Amendment 44.  He says it should be a clinical decision and shouldn't be enshrined in legislation #AmendtheBill #UnjustBill #legisl8 #HumanRights	AGAINST
27191	Legalization of Abortion	Provide your Ohio state representative with #TwitterTestimony! It is critical to make sure our elected officials know why we oppose this anti-choice legislation. #StopTheBans Info: 	FAVOR
49532	Legalization of Abortion	CONGRATULATIONS! to @XYZ Members on the @XYZ Poetry Festival shortlist, including @XYZ Jonathan Greenhause, Pamela Job, Gill Learner, Linda Saunders &amp; (on the local shortlist) Sheila Aldous. Winners announced 23 March   	NONE
23260	Legalization of Abortion	Every single anti #abortion bill in the #MTleg was sponsored by a man. #MillionsOfMontanans are shocked. 	FAVOR
42753	Legalization of Abortion	California Wants To Stop Crisis Pregnancy Centers From Lying To Women  via @XYZ	FAVOR
62321	Legalization of Abortion	Find someone who looks at you the way a drone pilot would.  ‘Near / Far Away’ by Nick Garrard, Commended in the #NationalPoetryCompetition @XYZ 	NONE
53994	Legalization of Abortion	To second-guess or not to second-guess? Sherri Roush, author of "Tracking Truth: Knowledge, Evidence, and Science" has some tips this week. 	NONE
36699	Legalization of Abortion	Stay safe UNC. I'm not at work on campus today due to a volunteer commitment but I know my coworkers are hiding. :( 	FAVOR
65279	Legalization of Abortion	"Mac LOVES going for walks. He's also a cuddler who likes to sneak in puppy kisses even when he's told no. I love his gentle and loving nature and that floppy ear." #DogsWeLove 	NONE
07921	Legalization of Abortion	Absolutely, yes, everyone loves someone who has had an abortion. When you love someone, you want them to know that help and healing are available:  	AGAINST
33889	Legalization of Abortion	'This bill [HB 280] takes into the physician's office a state mandate for an expensive and unnecessary medical procedure.' --Rep. MacDonald	FAVOR
22607	Legalization of Abortion	After deceiving local officials about their true identity, Planned Parenthood snuck into Flossmoor, Illinois earlier this year. But pro-lifers came out in force this weekend to tell the nation's largest abortion chain that they are not welcome!  #ProtestPP	AGAINST
18711	Legalization of Abortion	Why doesn't @XYZ think unborn human beings are worthy of protection under Irish law? 	AGAINST
57330	Legalization of Abortion	🙏 MASSIVE CONGRATS to @XYZ Member @XYZ - announced as the new Young Poet Laureate for London   	NONE
02342	Legalization of Abortion	Leana "Four Pinocchios" Wen never misses an opportunity to try to make you believe women are monolithically pro-abortion. Nothing could be further from the truth. 	AGAINST
41643	Legalization of Abortion	Cleveland: We’ll be in Public Square tomorrow with @XYZ - 5pm! See y’all there ‼️ 	FAVOR
63757	Legalization of Abortion	According to @XYZ it's highly probable that we're living in a simulated reality – but why?  #PhilosophersCorner 	NONE
22341	Legalization of Abortion	"How could all of this go unnoticed for decades? Answer: he was hiding his murders in plain sight. This was possible because they took place in an abortion facility, giving him an... 	AGAINST
65260	Legalization of Abortion	Happy #RescueDogDay! Thinking of adding a furry friend to your family? Check out our Pet Lover's Guide to Adopting a Dog:  	NONE
41342	Legalization of Abortion	I think they thought they were being cute cuz were tweeting from NC. The account admin is Texan born and lived in Texas for the first 25 years of her life. No one says this in Texas. Absolutely no one. 	FAVOR
64824	Legalization of Abortion	Need some democratic inspiration? Check out the complete version of The Plāto'nes performing "The Voting Song"... 	NONE
34152	Legalization of Abortion	We #StandWithPP by defending #abortion access at local indie clinics and loving on PP at local events &lt;3 	FAVOR
03193	Legalization of Abortion	Members of the Magnificat Choir from St. John Cantius Parish in Chicago sing "Coventry Carol" -- a song about... 	AGAINST
09520	Legalization of Abortion	"This legislation isn't about sick babies. It's about healthy babies and unrestricted abortion up to 12 weeks." #LoveBothVoteNO #TooFarForMe #TV3 	AGAINST
40371	Legalization of Abortion	As in the #MTleg, actual facts are unnecessary to pass bills. “The inflammatory non-medical language isn’t an... 	FAVOR
32550	Legalization of Abortion	Kate Elliott discusses her fears after nearly dying during childbirth. “I was scared. I wanted another child…But I was filled with dread and fear of leaving my first daughter motherless in my pursuit of giving her a sister.” #StoptheBans 	FAVOR
35485	Legalization of Abortion	Every single anti #abortion bill in the #MTleg was sponsored by a man. #MillionsOfMontanans are shocked. 	FAVOR
59133	Legalization of Abortion	New sounds from Philosophy Talk: The Value of a College Education  on #SoundCloud	NONE
61617	Legalization of Abortion	Do join us as we team up with @XYZ on 'How to Get Published' @XYZ on 1st December. A brilliant lineup including @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ 	NONE
47834	Legalization of Abortion	Some out-of-focus SMB3 concept art and a sprite graph, from the January 1990 issue of Nintendo Power. 	NONE
18949	Legalization of Abortion	Lorcan Price at #plc2016 we need to defend human rights of those who cannot defend themselves #loveboth 	AGAINST
35035	Legalization of Abortion	While the Ohio Senate debates the six-week abortion ban, give a watch to Rep. Catherine @XYZ floor speech on this bill:  #StopTheBans	FAVOR
39270	Legalization of Abortion	ROOTT is a black woman led reproductive justice organization dedicated to addressing maternal and infant health through doula work and so much more. If you don’t know who they are, you should check them out:  and support their work! #BlackMamasMatter	FAVOR
33701	Legalization of Abortion	Great day at MSU-B! We collected the names of 30 students interested in our Student for Choice group, ready to mobilize 	FAVOR
63273	Legalization of Abortion	We got the band back together to record an all-host roundtable for "The Examined Year: 2018." #philosophy #yearinreview 	NONE
24428	Legalization of Abortion	Want to lift up and love on our #clinicescort team? DM your messages of support to be included in our "pro-choice easter egg hunt"	FAVOR
25931	Legalization of Abortion	BIG Congrats to the #prochoice candidates who WON last night. We will follow up with a "State of the Repro State" soon.	FAVOR
42748	Legalization of Abortion	2. Anti-#abortion legislation may be "cultural documents", but these do NOT affect rates of abortion. 	FAVOR
51308	Legalization of Abortion	Missed last week's show on #RadicalDemocracy? Stream it FREE for the next week at  or below. 	NONE
46835	Legalization of Abortion	Donate. Help Phil Talk do more cool things -- like interview Snowden.    via @XYZ	NONE
66002	Legalization of Abortion	After recently watching BBC's #TheVictim, we're looking forward to this event which explores the story of a mother seeking answers to the question of why her son was cruelly taken from her. Come and hear @XYZ read from and discuss #TheMother 👇👇 	NONE
43426	Legalization of Abortion	Don't forget! If can help stuff envelops - Volunteer night tonight at the Helena Headquarters. Call Kim 443-0276 for more info	FAVOR
61948	Legalization of Abortion	Check out this great event, happening at @XYZ tomorrow 'Joy' - actress #LindaBassett will read the title poem of @XYZ latest collection. Sasha will then discuss the writing process and her research.  #SouthWest #Poetry	NONE
13951	Legalization of Abortion	Because if we don't report on an abortion clinic failing to mention the word "abortion" on its permit application, who will?  #WhyIWrite 	AGAINST
61375	Legalization of Abortion	#Writers of the #SouthWest, there's still time to take part in our annual Writers' Survey, which is seeking information on your writing year for 2018. The answers you provide will help us to shape our programme of work for 2019. Click here to participate: 	NONE
06558	Legalization of Abortion	Amendment on Parental Notification prior to abortion if girl is under 16 rejected by Health Committee. There is NO willingness to consider any reasonable amendments to this #unjustbill #amendthebill #legisl8	AGAINST
61998	Legalization of Abortion	We're delighted to be bringing #WordonTour x @XYZ TO @XYZ on Wednesday next week. Poet @XYZ and musician @XYZ team up for an evening of words and wit. Tickets available here:  - our last #Cornwall event #lovelibraries 	NONE
62189	Legalization of Abortion	Ooh always nice to hear a Foyle Young poet on the radio - just caught Mukahang Limbu @XYZ on today’s @XYZ Saturday PM Programme talking about Son Armitage with Kate Clancy @XYZ	NONE
08422	Legalization of Abortion	The nation's largest abortion chain, Planned Parenthood, is asking people to sign a pledge that reads, "I will only vote for candidates who support women." But they have exactly no interest in supporting brave women like these: #MondayMorning 	AGAINST
35829	Legalization of Abortion	Some #MT #GOP candidates think consent is "mood killer". Repubs Outraged Consensual Sex Bill  via @XYZ	FAVOR
26754	Legalization of Abortion	People in many states, including NC, are forced to wait 24-72 hours to access legal medical care. I myself was... 	FAVOR
57245	Legalization of Abortion	The first winner of the #Poembola is Shaniqua who wins a beautiful print by James Brown! What will YOU win?? 	NONE
38527	Legalization of Abortion	Preparing for what's in store at 2013 MT Legislature...it's going to be another tough one for choice in MT and other states! #NARALsummit	FAVOR
50875	Legalization of Abortion	"#Philosophy always causes offense – perhaps it should cause offense," says @XYZ  #PhilosophersCorner 	NONE
21763	Legalization of Abortion	Pls RT: Our spokesperson @XYZ spoke with @XYZ today about #twowomentravel  	AGAINST
31008	Legalization of Abortion	Fight Intimidation of Abortion Providers! Support All Families Healthcare after brutal vandalism on @XYZ 	FAVOR
07121	Legalization of Abortion	Pls RT: Our press statement on today's discussion on the wording of the Government's planned referendum.  	AGAINST
16628	Legalization of Abortion	#In2019IDontPlanOn letting up advocating for the rights of the smallest members of our human family. 	AGAINST
37657	Legalization of Abortion	If you're at the @XYZ this weekend make sure you join NARAL Pro-Choice Montana and Blue... 	FAVOR
47037	Legalization of Abortion	Philosophy Talk salutes The Daily Show and its departing Philosopher-King:... 	NONE
32400	Legalization of Abortion	During debate on the six-week abortion ban, Rep. @XYZ reads the story of a young rape victim. The bill has no exemptions for rape or incest. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
38524	Legalization of Abortion	Please join us in supporting the Montana Human Rights Network and many other partner agencies, in passing a... 	FAVOR
65995	Legalization of Abortion	Happy #WorldBookNight to all our lovely readers and writers... how will you be spending yours? #AmReading...	NONE
49760	Legalization of Abortion	Brush up your freshly written poems with @XYZ at @XYZ Poetry Cafe, London, Friday 1 February  This is a wonderful opportunity to discuss your poetry on a one-to-one basis, a relaxed but in-depth analysis of your poems.   	NONE
59664	Legalization of Abortion	Would you call yourself a feminist? You're going to want to join this Live Chat TODAY at 1pm Pacific with... 	NONE
08501	Legalization of Abortion	Since 1973, Roe v. Wade -- and its companion case, Doe v. Bolton -- have ensured that there will be millions fewer #VisibleWomen. 	AGAINST
00433	Legalization of Abortion	@XYZ @XYZ @XYZ Jesus says to trust him in ALL things not to put trust in men or the world.	NONE
65727	Legalization of Abortion	Reminder that two years ago, Nintendo of America introduced the world to #WiggerWednesday 	NONE
30881	Legalization of Abortion	.@XYZ "we need to be joyous, happy, and find a way to lift all up" Says taking to Independents is paramount. #mtpol #MTnomination	FAVOR
38089	Legalization of Abortion	"Gov't Spending Bill Quietly Resolves @XYZ Abortion Coverage Debate  via @XYZ YAY 4 PeaceCorps VOLS!	FAVOR
52297	Legalization of Abortion	Did you know that you can stream each week's episode of Philosophy Talk 24/7 on any computer or mobile device?... 	NONE
04043	Legalization of Abortion	Geraldine Martin: Many pro-choice people have come to us and said they are voting No because this is too extreme. #LoveBothVoteNo #TooFarForMe	AGAINST
65357	Legalization of Abortion	Congrats to the Twitter giveaway winner, @XYZ Please DM us your address and pet type so we can send your prize on Monday. Thanks! 	NONE
04609	Legalization of Abortion	No one can deny the humanity of the unborn. Every human being possesses equal value &amp; dignity. All human lives deserve protection #LoveBoth 	AGAINST
33478	Legalization of Abortion	House passes first ever 20-wk nationwide abortion ban 228-196  #waronwomen #roevwade 	FAVOR
64562	Legalization of Abortion	"Your Lying Eyes: Perception, Memory, and Justice" live at Reed College (photos: Amanda Heaton) 	NONE
20225	Legalization of Abortion	Amendment 24 (seeking prohibition of abortion on grounds of disability, race or gender) rejected Yes 32, No 6 #unjustbill #amendthebill #humanrights #ChooseLife	AGAINST
01993	Legalization of Abortion	"I stand for the unwanted. Our lives matter." Fantastic piece from Deanna Wallace: #whywemarch #Marchforlife 	AGAINST
21039	Legalization of Abortion	Caroline Simons takes to the podium at #LoveBothVoteNo launch in Dublin #8thRef 	AGAINST
63341	Legalization of Abortion	When is the burden of #debt so great that it becomes immoral? John and Ken ask Julie Nelson from @XYZ author of "#Economics for Humans" about the #ethics of debt this Sunday 11 am / Tuesday 12 noon on @XYZ 91.7 FM in San Francisco &amp; worldwide at  	NONE
21181	Legalization of Abortion	Removing the 8th means the unborn baby is a 2nd class citizen who gets less protection under the law than ourselves. #8Committee 	AGAINST
44879	Legalization of Abortion	She notes that the bill does not include exceptions for mental health of women who are sexual assault survivors. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
58385	Legalization of Abortion	We've got philosophers — don't miss their discussions! Subscribe now for podcasts of new shows plus unlimited access to our streaming archive of 470 episodes.  #Wittgenstein #philosophy  	NONE
08284	Legalization of Abortion	Yes, we need to listen to the victims of sex trafficking and prostitution. Sex trafficking and prostitution are horrible. Full stop. If you think legalization is the solution, you're part of the problem. 	AGAINST
16962	Legalization of Abortion	"We're committed to fighting for a world where all mothers can live healthy lives, and raise their children in peace." Yes, the nation's largest abortion chain -- Planned Parenthood -- actually tweeted that. 	AGAINST
01074	Legalization of Abortion	We can’t give up! We are called to love both women and children equally and stand up for what we believe in! #FightOnLoveBoth	AGAINST
61204	Legalization of Abortion	Have you seen? There's an exciting new literary festival happening in #Minehead in April, check out the details and find out how to get your tickets for @XYZ 	NONE
50617	Legalization of Abortion	What's the difference between #sexism and #misogyny? @XYZ from @XYZ University explains in this week's episode:  #women #gender #philosophy 	NONE
29832	Legalization of Abortion	Can’t be with us tomorrow in Columbus? We’re bringing back #TwitterTestimony! TWEET a video of yourself speaking out against SB 23, the 6-week abortion ban. Don’t forget to use the hashtag #StopTheBans &amp; tag your senator - find their Twitter handle here: 	FAVOR
60366	Legalization of Abortion	Have any special plans for Mother's Day? Follow us and answer for your chance to #WIN a pet care pkg. Random winner will be notified this afternoon. #contest 	NONE
64899	Legalization of Abortion	This week: Do we really need the State in order to build roads, educate our young, and ensure law &amp; order? Tune... 	NONE
20976	Legalization of Abortion	Join supporters including all of the medics and nurses that have joined us in supporting the 8th Amendment #LoveBothVoteNO #rtept #8thref 	AGAINST
30972	Legalization of Abortion	Glad to see our scorecards put to use! We are watching. A look @ Zinke's votes: abortion issues:  via @XYZ	FAVOR
38695	Legalization of Abortion	We are having a volunteer night Thursday March 29. We need envelope stuffers! :) 	FAVOR
41139	Legalization of Abortion	Today! 2 two-year anniversary of #ACA. Millions of women nationwide gain access to #birthcontrol &amp; maternity care. #iLikeObamaCare #HCWorks	FAVOR
38469	Legalization of Abortion	HB 239 which would restrict comp sex ed in public schools up in S public health &amp; welfare.Lets value our teens and provide all info. #MTLeg	FAVOR
34324	Legalization of Abortion	Planned Parenthood and ACLU suing over Ohio abortion ban  Reporting from @XYZ	FAVOR
24818	Legalization of Abortion	First up, Rep. Niraj Antani has brought back his misinformation bill, to use taxpayer funds in a way grossly out of step with the majority of Ohioans who support comprehensive sex education and who believe abortion should be legal in all or most cases. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
65687	Legalization of Abortion	According to a French article, DKC's Kremlings are from cancelled game named Jonny Blastoff and the Kremling Armada 	NONE
57074	Legalization of Abortion	👏👏👏Readers in Plymouth, go along to this - a celebration of our region and stunningly written, a real treat! 	NONE
01429	Legalization of Abortion	Can't wait to see everyone for our last #StandUpForLife Rally at Merrion Square! #LoveBothVoteNO  	AGAINST
20344	Legalization of Abortion	Deputy Michael Collins reminds the Chamber that Margaret Sanger, founder of Planned Parenthood, biggest abortion provider in the world was a well known eugenicist. #AmendtheBill #UnjustBill #legisl8 #HumanRights	AGAINST
11726	Legalization of Abortion	National Day of Remembrance for Aborted Children is TOMORROW! Find a memorial service near you:  	AGAINST
62834	Legalization of Abortion	Imagine if Americans protested for free healthcare, uni, support for single mothers and paid maternal and paternal leave like they do for abortion.  They're all possible, you just have to fight for then with the same passion.	NONE
44767	Legalization of Abortion	Heiden, “Banning abortion doesn’t stop us from ending pregnancies &amp; it would not have stopped me from ending mine. It would have made me more panicked &amp; desperate in the process. It would have put me in a dangerous position. But no law could have made me continue my pregnancy.” 	FAVOR
48384	Legalization of Abortion	#Writers, have you seen this very exciting competition? @XYZ Quarterly Flash competition... Free to entry and open theme... why not give it a whirl?  #Writeon	NONE
10597	Legalization of Abortion	At least 100,000 lives saved by the 8th Amendment. Let's speak up for life! Don't #repealthe8th Instead #loveboth	AGAINST
17015	Legalization of Abortion	Let's clear this up once and for all: pregnancy resource centers offer women REAL alternatives to abortion. #EndTheLies #GiveFreeSpeechLife 	AGAINST
64380	Legalization of Abortion	Philosopher AND scientist Massimo Pigliucci (he's got three PhDs folks!) has a response to Bill Nye The Science... 	NONE
42190	Legalization of Abortion	We have great champions in the state legislature, and @XYZ has been a great leader among them! #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
45159	Legalization of Abortion	Would you rather?  Need 2 hours of sleep per night but you have nightmares every night  Need 10 hours of sleep	NONE
42338	Legalization of Abortion	NARAL witness presents all of the legal reasons that this bill is unconstitutional and how it threatens the lives of Ohioans. No doubt the bill’s backers are hoping the newly configured @XYZ will use this bill to overturn or gut decades of legal precedence. #StoptheBans	FAVOR
34824	Legalization of Abortion	Pro-choice Ohioans are lining the Ohio House lobby to tell legislators not to override the six-week abortion ban veto. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
11379	Legalization of Abortion	#IDontTrustPeopleThat think the smallest members of our human family don't have a right to life. 	AGAINST
33626	Legalization of Abortion	Rep. Hill will vote no on HB 104 Proponents did NOT include law enf, MCADSV, and did include the MT Rt To Life. It's too political. #MTLeg	FAVOR
47442	Legalization of Abortion	It's Chihuahua Appreciation Day! Fun fact: the Chihuahua is a clannish breed, preferring the company of Chihuahuas to dogs of other breeds.  #ChihuahuaAppreciationDay 	NONE
06117	Legalization of Abortion	#MenforChoice are on board with the killing of genetically distinct, whole human beings. That's not manly. 	AGAINST
50161	Legalization of Abortion	How much faith should we put in the existence of #DarkMatter, if nobody can see it? Find out by listening to John and Ken's discussion with @XYZ from @XYZ in this week's FREE stream! #philosophy #physics #cosmology 	NONE
51340	Legalization of Abortion	This week: The #Philanthropy Trap w/ Bruce Sievers from @XYZ &amp; @XYZ LIVE Sunday 10a @XYZ 91.7 in SF 	NONE
59713	Legalization of Abortion	Fans of Philosophy Talk--we need you!  We're significantly short of our operating budget for the 2015-2016... 	NONE
58752	Legalization of Abortion	There's no better way to give back on #GivingTuesday than by making a gift to keep Philosophy Talk on the air and online. By supporting the show, you're doing your part to promote curiosity, reason, and open-mindedness throughout the country and beyond!  	NONE
17380	Legalization of Abortion	NMH recruiting doctors but only who will perform abortions. Proof Government lied to voters before and after ref promising protection of doctors' right to freedom of conscience. Let's defend this human right and vote pro-life at local elections! #ConscienceRights #FightOnLoveBoth 	AGAINST
42182	Legalization of Abortion	Thank you Senator-elect @XYZ and @XYZ for your work to combat human trafficking and rape. 	FAVOR
44602	Legalization of Abortion	Before considering bills, the Ohio House adds a new member to replace Brian Hill, who moved to the Senate last week. This changes the math on how many votes are required for an override. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
06938	Legalization of Abortion	The Yes-side only wants to talk about the hard cases, but won't acknowledge the 97% of abortions that will end the lives of perfectly healthy babies in Ireland #CBLive #LoveBothVoteNO	AGAINST
59658	Legalization of Abortion	Next Sunday Oct.4: In Praise of Love: Plato's "Symposium" Meets Bernstein's "Serenade" with violinist Anne Akiko... 	NONE
12766	Legalization of Abortion	Five years after abortion was introduced in England, abortions had increased by more than 500 percent. We don’t want this #8MillionTooMany 	AGAINST
33704	Legalization of Abortion	Bullock/Hill debate to be shown on local TV station - Those who missed the debate between Montana gubernatorial... 	FAVOR
23195	Legalization of Abortion	#Abortion rights leader’s pregnancy surprises opponents: ‘Is that real?’  #ProChoice #ProChild @XYZ	FAVOR
00246	Legalization of Abortion	Had a great meeting today with two guys who I know are reading this tweet... Welcome to the team! Excited to expand Team Sobhy!! 	NONE
39469	Legalization of Abortion	NEXT BILL: The Ohio Senate Health Committee is accepting amendments on Senate Bill 23, the six-week abortion ban. TAKE ACTION:  #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
30656	Legalization of Abortion	House endorses bill to increase #abortion regulations - #Montana - Bozeman Daily Chronicle #MTleg  via @XYZ	FAVOR
00996	Legalization of Abortion	Celebrating abortion as inappropriate today as it was on 26th May. PLC call out Senator Catherine Noone for accepting award for her role in Repeal Campaign  #prolife #chooselife 	AGAINST
23360	Legalization of Abortion	CPCs mislead women and give completely inaccurate information.  #FreePregnancyTests do not equal medical care. 	FAVOR
49444	Legalization of Abortion	Happy #WorldPoetryDay - if you're aged 11-17, what better way to celebrate than to enter the #FoyleYoungPoets of the Year Award today? Judged by @XYZ and @XYZ this competition could change your life. Help us spread the word!   	NONE
38745	Legalization of Abortion	Sen. Facey amendment to reinstate base funding for contraceptives out of general fund fails by vote of 30-20. #MTleg	FAVOR
66267	Legalization of Abortion	News for #Book #Bloggers #Tweeters #Instagrammers #Facebookers and #BookTubers, the @XYZ Book Blog Awards are open for nominations and there is a brand new category - Book #podcasters too. More info, here: 	NONE
67590	Legalization of Abortion	Tributes to Richard Copeland (1945-2018), @XYZ Member, Stanza rep, and lovely man.  	NONE
26420	Legalization of Abortion	Become a member of NARAL Pro-Choice Montana for as little as $10 and help us in our efforts to stop the War on... 	FAVOR
53454	Legalization of Abortion	Listen to Scott @XYZ on The Creative Life #rightnow at  and support the program that questions everything (except your intelligence) here:  #GivingTuesday	NONE
40408	Legalization of Abortion	There isn't a special ad to send this message to Senator Steve Daines; but we encourage you to give him a call... 	FAVOR
08756	Legalization of Abortion	How much has the nation's largest abortion chain, Planned Parenthood, spent on damage control PR since the first #PPSellsBabyParts video was released in July 2015? #DefundPP 	AGAINST
48663	Legalization of Abortion	9,000 followers - welcome to our network. We're looking forward to sharing #literaure news in the #SouthWest. @XYZ @XYZ 	NONE
26099	Legalization of Abortion	Fabulous session at #mtequalpay Summit! Dr. Jessi Smith is brilliant. So many social nuances to pay inequity. 	FAVOR
56629	Legalization of Abortion	We’ve got that #FridayFeeling here in the @XYZ office. Through our #ChallengeFund with @XYZ , we are raising funds to place #poets in #memorycafes. For a limited time, we’re being match-funded £ for £ to £2000. Help us meet our target? 	NONE
08779	Legalization of Abortion	There's no need to shy away from the word "fetus." It's the proper scientific term for a genetically distinct, whole human being at a particular stage of development. #WednesdayWisdom 	AGAINST
35591	Legalization of Abortion	Sponsor &amp; all proponents of HB479 are men. Surprise! All men pushing #abortion restrictions #womensrights #MTpol #MTleg	FAVOR
52309	Legalization of Abortion	So your adorable new kitten has fleas - what do you do now?! There are special considerations when treating fleas on kittens. Learn: How to get rid of fleas on kittens  	NONE
49385	Legalization of Abortion	🍾 John Foggin is the winner of the inaugural @XYZ Prize with @XYZ Member Paul @XYZ in second place  Fellow @XYZ Members @XYZ &amp; @XYZ Highly Commended &amp; Barbara Hickson among the Commended poets  	NONE
36003	Legalization of Abortion	HB 423 LR form of sex ed attacks is up in H Ed right now. Lets value teens and provide info so they can make informed decisions. #MTLeg	FAVOR
61117	Legalization of Abortion	Do you have a community based #literature project in need of a funding boost? Our #AnnualFund could help... Open now for the award of small grants. Check out the details:  - Deadline 1st May 2019!	NONE
34512	Legalization of Abortion	Next witness want to prohibit all Ohioans from accessing safe and legal abortion care because of his religious beliefs. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
18175	Legalization of Abortion	If there is a 'Yes' vote, abortions would be allowed up to 12 weeks without giving a reason. #LoveBothVoteNO #rtept	AGAINST
39740	Legalization of Abortion	While we wait on concurrence votes, the Ohio Senate swears in a new member, Brian Hill, who is moving from the House. Making this move tonight changes the math on a possible veto override later. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
67387	Legalization of Abortion	Thu 14 Mar Radio 4: Film and poetry special with Don Paterson, Robin Robertson and Hannah Sullivan. 	NONE
43161	Legalization of Abortion	U can meet our newest team member TONITE in #Helena @ our event! Retired teacher &amp; pastor spending the summer w/ us! 	FAVOR
20703	Legalization of Abortion	There is no ban on abortion for reasons of disability or Down Syndrome in the Government’s proposal  #8thref #LoveBothVoteNO 	AGAINST
36581	Legalization of Abortion	I just supported abortion access in NC with a donation to the Carolina Abortion Fund - join me: 	FAVOR
19167	Legalization of Abortion	.@XYZ author of these hilarious Strange Planet cartoons, is getting piled on as people find out he's pro-life from an old tweet.  Go give his page a follow and share his work to make up for this ridiculous backlash! 	AGAINST
30559	Legalization of Abortion	Two of America's most loved (but often forgotten places), #Wyoming &amp; #Montana are featured in this article. #MTnews 	FAVOR
18689	Legalization of Abortion	90% of babies diagnosed with Down Syndrome in the womb in England &amp; Wales are aborted. In Iceland, this figure is 98% #citizensassembly	AGAINST
43536	Legalization of Abortion	Thank you to the over 100 attendees who came to our event with Nancy Keenan last Friday! I know you've seen lots... 	FAVOR
39586	Legalization of Abortion	Who has great interns? We do! Thanks for your activism, Lauren! ❤️ #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
36566	Legalization of Abortion	A protester free day, aka - What it should always look like outside our clinic... 	FAVOR
63014	Legalization of Abortion	I was wondering if I should bring a car next to me on the sofa whilst scrolling on Facebook. 5 seconds later I saw this and now I'm convinced Facebook is reading my thoughts. 	NONE
30818	Legalization of Abortion	Pregnant, and No Civil Rights  via @XYZ Very imp piece by National Advocates for Pregnant Women	FAVOR
03999	Legalization of Abortion	Watch and RETWEET the truth about Friday's vote on the Government's extreme #8thref proposal:  #TooFarForMe #LoveBothVoteNO	AGAINST
44059	Legalization of Abortion	Testimony on HB 90 is starting right now. @XYZ Gary Daniels is the first witness. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
26347	Legalization of Abortion	Top reasons Tester cares about Montana women: 1) In the Senate, Montanans can rely on Sen. Tester's steadfast... 	FAVOR
41581	Legalization of Abortion	Local, church going, protesters call clinic staff "house n*****s"  #ProtectTheZone #ClinicDefense #ProChoice	FAVOR
06313	Legalization of Abortion	One of the reason for this amendment (59) is fact that in the US, baby body parts were being sold for research and experimentation  #unjustbill #amendthebill #humanrights #legisl8	AGAINST
60988	Legalization of Abortion	#Friyay indeed, we are pleased to be partnering with @XYZ as part of #QuayWords2019 at #ExeterCustomHouse for a 'Meet the Editor' workshop with @XYZ This event is free but booking in advance is essential. A real hot ticket:  📘📘📙📙	NONE
06248	Legalization of Abortion	The Senators and TDs who have spoken up for unborn babies and their mothers throughout this difficult process deserve ENORMOUS thanks and support from all of us! #backbone #principles #humanrights #legisl8	AGAINST
15208	Legalization of Abortion	Rape is a horrendous crime, but the solution to one injustice is not another injustice. #LoveBothVoteNo #rtept #TooFarForMe	AGAINST
29170	Legalization of Abortion	Donating to a #clinicescort lead fundraising team has the added benefit of showing love and support to clinic escorts, who deal with a lot on a weekly basis to support abortion access in our communities. Donate: 	FAVOR
51752	Legalization of Abortion	Philosophy Talk needs your help. Please help keep us online and on the air. Pretty please?  	NONE
00766	Legalization of Abortion	Deputy Margaret Murphy O'Mahoney says 'choice' swung the referendum to a Yes success. Our doctors are now asking for a choice Asks @XYZ to please listen to them and take this on board.	AGAINST
23480	Legalization of Abortion	Charge dismissed against woman for putting fetus at risk over drug use | Missoula Local News -  	FAVOR
57326	Legalization of Abortion	Zaffar Kunial: ‘Muhammad Ali gave me his autograph in Moseley – I kept it in my Parka’ 	NONE
23785	Legalization of Abortion	Rep. Amanda Curtis nails it by asking how gender disc is any different than racial disc w/ ins premiums #MTLeg #WarOnWomen	FAVOR
20991	Legalization of Abortion	A premature baby born at 21 weeks is given every help to survive, while an unborn baby of the same age is having her life ended in a different room of the same hospital. #LoveBothVoteNo #LateLate	AGAINST
18255	Legalization of Abortion	Please help to share our latest press release on the comments at the weekend by @XYZ  #LoveBothVoteNO #StandUpForLife 	AGAINST
44610	Legalization of Abortion	Gov. John Kasich vetoes 'heartbeat' abortion ban, pay-raise bill  Reporting from @XYZ &amp; @XYZ #StopTheBans	FAVOR
51329	Legalization of Abortion	Public's or state's interest? Listen to "Edward Snowden and Ethics of Whistleblowing" and TELL US @XYZ 	NONE
03143	Legalization of Abortion	Because our brothers and sisters in the womb are members of the human family, just like us. And if we don't speak for them, who will? #ReasonsNotToGiveUp #prolife 	AGAINST
40444	Legalization of Abortion	TODAY at 1:00pm, the House will be voting on HB479, a bill to require fetal anesthesia for abortion at 20 weeks... 	FAVOR
06814	Legalization of Abortion	"The Supreme Court judgment made it quite implausible to argue that babies before birth would have any continuing effective protection if the Eighth Amendment were repealed." William Binchy  #8thref	AGAINST
54257	Legalization of Abortion	WWPD (what would #Plato do)? John and Ken muse on #Democracy in this extended outtake from our #Election2016 Special 	NONE
16282	Legalization of Abortion	Remember when #prochoice people used to talk about how abortion should supposedly be "rare"? That was then. This is now. #ThrowbackThursday 	AGAINST
55933	Legalization of Abortion	For this spoopy october, here's the second most horrifying image in our archive 	NONE
52173	Legalization of Abortion	Join our Community of Thinkers. Help keep us on air and online. But most of all, become our partner in thought. 	NONE
23325	Legalization of Abortion	“The irony is so bitter. They call them ‘fetal pain’ laws — and it’s like, fetal pain? What do you think we were... 	FAVOR
14589	Legalization of Abortion	Women in politics are often overlooked when it comes to maternity leave and other supports for parents. Even in Ireland, female politicians are not entitled to maternity leave. Mothers deserve better. #FightOnLoveBoth 	AGAINST
04474	Legalization of Abortion	Why isn't the baby in the womb human enough for @XYZ to respect her human rights? #itstime #EP2017 	AGAINST
32413	Legalization of Abortion	Beginning debate, Rep. Nathan Manning explains why his committee passed this unconstitutional abortion ban. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
03777	Legalization of Abortion	Over 600 GPs sign a petition raising serious concerns about the Government’s abortion legislation but RTÉ News ignores the story! The time for excuses is over. Enough is enough. Let @XYZ know that you are not happy and #challengethelicencefee #biasbeyondbelief 	AGAINST
15644	Legalization of Abortion	Using Taoiseach’s trip to Canada to drum up support for abortion in Ireland:  #prolife #challengeLeo #welcomebabies 	AGAINST
23573	Legalization of Abortion	Delivered petition 4 a 100% #prochoice cand. Thx @XYZ 4 the hard work! Live tweets here tmrw! @XYZ #mtsen #mtpol 	FAVOR
06947	Legalization of Abortion	Our posters haven’t been torn down for no reason and politicians haven’t been avoiding debate for no reason, it’s because they know their position is indefensible says @XYZ to people at #LoveBothVoteNO in Merrion Square	AGAINST
53299	Legalization of Abortion	TODAY: John and Ken try to out-pun John Pollack, author of "The Pun Also Rises: How the Humble #Pun Revolutionized #Language, Changed History, and Made Wordplay More Than Some Antics" – 11 am on @XYZ 91.7 FM in San Francisco &amp; worldwide at 	NONE
27742	Legalization of Abortion	“This is about punishing women and the doctors who provide them with care. Abortion is health care, not a criminal act.” NARAL Pro-Choice Ohio Executive Director @XYZ  Reporting from @XYZ #StopTheBans	FAVOR
09600	Legalization of Abortion	"Reflect for a moment on the type of legislation that the Government has in mind if we remove the present constitutional protection for unborn babies. It is abortion on demand..." William Binchy #8thRef #LoveBothVoteNO	AGAINST
58501	Legalization of Abortion	We don't call every person who does something illegal, like jaywalking or driving over the speed limit, a "criminal." So exactly when is it appropriate to apply that label to someone who breaks the law?  #PhilosophersCorner	NONE
14569	Legalization of Abortion	One step closer to helping women in need. Sign up for the VHI Mini Marathon on behalf of LoveBoth by clicking the link below.   	AGAINST
29609	Legalization of Abortion	Witness Molly: "I was born with a vagina, which means that in the legal sense, I am often considered subhuman." 🔥🔥🔥 	FAVOR
33577	Legalization of Abortion	Jamee Greer w @XYZ stresses the need for comp sex ed for #LGBTQ youth in MT.They need a safe space,esp if it's not at home #MTLeg	FAVOR
30415	Legalization of Abortion	.@XYZ calls PP "evil". Says $ will go to "women's health", but it could actually go to #cpcs. #WomenBetrayed 	FAVOR
52142	Legalization of Abortion	This is your brain on Philosophy! Donate! Stoke the fire. Any amount helps!  	NONE
24321	Legalization of Abortion	While Snow Day's can be fun, they can create a ton of challenges for those who are actively seeking abortion... 	FAVOR
04939	Legalization of Abortion	90% of babies diagnosed with Down Syndrome in the womb are aborted in England and Wales. Let's #loveboth in Ireland and oppose abortion. 	AGAINST
04020	Legalization of Abortion	"Reflect for a moment on the type of legislation that the Government has in mind if we remove the present constitutional protection for unborn babies. It is abortion on demand..." William Binchy #8thRef #LoveBothVoteNO	AGAINST
20904	Legalization of Abortion	Doctors trained to protect lives will now end them instead @XYZ tells #LoveBothVoteNO Repeal is not going to lead to restrictive abortion.	AGAINST
39410	Legalization of Abortion	Rep. @XYZ asks the witness "Who is looking out for the woman?" He supports prohibiting abortion even if the ban places women at increased risk of danger. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
18324	Legalization of Abortion	The 1st thing you would expect #8committee to do is look at what abortion has brought in other countries	AGAINST
05333	Legalization of Abortion	Kudos to stalwart pro-life Chris Iverson for spearheading another fantastic Pro-Life Bridge outreach in Chicago! 31,000 people were reached this morning with the message, "Abortion takes a human life." 	AGAINST
62874	Legalization of Abortion	Celebrities' pictures make them look like celebrities. Such a wild concept.	NONE
67546	Legalization of Abortion	Still a few hours to vote! #ClassicPoemWorldCup. 8 groups A to H, 4 poems each, the top 2 in each group go through to next round.  Poems were quickly picked from Nation's Favourite Poems, hence the leaning toward Dead White Males, but NEXT comp will be less #bloke, more #world 	NONE
24075	Legalization of Abortion	Sen. Facey amendment to reinstate base funding for contraceptives out of general fund fails by vote of 30-20. #MTleg	FAVOR
19875	Legalization of Abortion	#ThingsNotFoundInMyHome OR in your home: $500 MILLION in taxpayer dollars every. single. year. But the nation's largest abortion chain, Planned Parenthood, can't say that. #DefundPP 	AGAINST
67415	Legalization of Abortion	"Wild Nights - Wild Nights! / Were I with thee / Wild Nights should be / Our luxury!" Order Emily Dickinson's poem in the latest set of love-themed #PoemsontheUnderground:  	NONE
47510	Legalization of Abortion	Did you know? The tufts of fur that grow from the interior of a cat’s ear are called "ear furnishings." This fur helps direct sound into the ear and keeps out dirt and other debris. "Ear tufts" refers to the fur that grows from the tips of the ears. #Caturday 	NONE
37509	Legalization of Abortion	VIDEO:  Earlier today, pro-choice advocates rallied on the Statehouse steps to tell legislators "We won't go back!" #StopTheBans	FAVOR
35786	Legalization of Abortion	"The future of the #democratic party is young women" #mtpol #mtsen #MTnomination Another vote for @XYZ	FAVOR
52169	Legalization of Abortion	"The Moral Costs of #ClimateChange" recorded @XYZ in #Corvallis, airs this Thurs 9pm on @XYZ @XYZ 	NONE
14550	Legalization of Abortion	This guy would have straight up gotten an ass whooping if I was there. #fetaluprising 	AGAINST
41513	Legalization of Abortion	Happy to be joining local #abortion access activists at a city council meeting aimed at preventing CPC disruption of a community	FAVOR
36658	Legalization of Abortion	Woot! Good luck! Are you participating in the "dance a thon" cuz that sounds AMAZE! 	FAVOR
10397	Legalization of Abortion	Why won't @XYZ speak up for babies born alive and left to die alone in hospitals without medical care after "botched abortions"? 	AGAINST
54685	Legalization of Abortion	Director of Research Laura Maguire blogs ahead of today's live broadcast. Add your thoughts by calling... 	NONE
26009	Legalization of Abortion	Delegate from Indian Country reminds us Indian people were last 2 get vote in #MT. Remember importance of Indian vote. #mtsen #MTnomination	FAVOR
41884	Legalization of Abortion	Witness Barry Sheets tries to claim that schools are already providing adequate sex education. He's ignoring the fact that Ohio doesn't require comprehensive sex education and that curricula across the state are uneven and often lacking. 	FAVOR
36374	Legalization of Abortion	McGee withdraws amendment and heads back to the drawing board. Amendment referenced HIV, Emergency Medical Services and WIC.	FAVOR
31794	Legalization of Abortion	Despite the legality of #abortion, harassment of people seeking abortion care is common &amp; occurs on a daily basis in many NC cities #RoeNC43	FAVOR
43766	Legalization of Abortion	We love NNAF &lt;3. If you struggle to pick your fav fund - consider a donation to NNAF! Also - we might have to switch to unnecessary standing ovations as our "pledge per" option cuz we want funds to get some cash and this #SOTU is not nearly abortiony enough. (Were ok with that) 	FAVOR
58450	Legalization of Abortion	How might psychological science be used to assess the reliability of an eye witness? Listen as John and @XYZ ask Daniel Reisberg from @XYZ in this week's FREE stream—Your Lying Eyes: Perception, Memory and Justice.  	NONE
37295	Legalization of Abortion	While we wait on concurrence votes, the Ohio Senate swears in a new member, Brian Hill, who is moving from the House. Making this move tonight changes the math on a possible veto override later. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
27726	Legalization of Abortion	No video in committee, but you can follow written testimony on the committee's website on the 12/4 tab:  #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
02268	Legalization of Abortion	Pls RT: Our statement on Ruth Coppinger's "grossly insensitive and uncaring" comments about abortion survivor: 	AGAINST
24568	Legalization of Abortion	RELEASE: Ohio must reject funding for fake women’s health centers -  #OHBudget #ExposeTheLies	FAVOR
61733	Legalization of Abortion	An excellent opportunity for #writers looking to expand their portfolios to working with children. @XYZ is in #Bristol later this month 👇👇👇 	NONE
13907	Legalization of Abortion	Planning on catching some #CyberMonday deals on Amazon? Start your shopping at  and Amazon donates a portion of your purchase to the Pro-Life Action League! 	AGAINST
40993	Legalization of Abortion	Denise Juneau has been re-elected as Superintendent of Public Instruction! Congratualtions to her team for all their hard work.	FAVOR
47730	Legalization of Abortion	Donkey Kong Country was going to feature a miner hat power up for cave levels. While the item was eventually replaced by Squawks, it survived in two pieces of promo art. 	NONE
63977	Legalization of Abortion	To celebrate #WomensHistoryMonth our Producer @XYZ has put together a playlist of some related episodes:  	NONE
50510	Legalization of Abortion	#Elections should provide every citizen with an equal say in governance. But in the US, says Ray Briggs, the reality falls short of the ideal:  #PhilosophersCorner	NONE
10368	Legalization of Abortion	The people at #MarchForLife aren't just protecting unborn children, but defending the rights of their family members too. @XYZ 	AGAINST
35244	Legalization of Abortion	Hey Pro-Choice Pals! After you've cast your ballot in Montana's Primaries, join us and our friends from MontPIRG,... 	FAVOR
17781	Legalization of Abortion	PLS RT: Send an e-card to your local Oireachtas Members today. Stand up for doctors who shouldn't be forced to perform or facilitate abortions.  #FightOnLoveBoth 	AGAINST
17407	Legalization of Abortion	Lots of aggression in Seanad chamber from those who oppose amendments on #consciencerights #unjustbill #amendthebill #humanrights	AGAINST
20680	Legalization of Abortion	The solution to a crisis pregnancy is to end the crisis, not the pregnancy! #LoveBothVoteNo #Savethe8th #8thref	AGAINST
19417	Legalization of Abortion	#In2019IDontPlanOn letting up advocating for the rights of the smallest members of our human family. 	AGAINST
35669	Legalization of Abortion	Think women shouldn't get fired 4 being pregnant? Neither do we. Our work matters. #GivingTuesday  #prochoice=#prolife	FAVOR
05357	Legalization of Abortion	The #VirginiaDemocrats decided last week to go all-in for third-trimester abortion, and they've really gotten themselves in a mess since then.	AGAINST
38574	Legalization of Abortion	Top reasons Rehberg is NOT good for Montana: 3)He voted for a bill that could allow IRS to audit sexual-assault survivors who seek abortions	FAVOR
10057	Legalization of Abortion	Abortion discriminates against babies with disabilities @XYZ knows this, why are they speaking out against this? #itstime #EP2017 	AGAINST
50871	Legalization of Abortion	Why would anyone believe #AIDS symptoms to be the product of supernatural practices?  #PhilosophersCorner 	NONE
45431	Legalization of Abortion	Who would question whether the Earth stood still? John and Ken ask about the Ancient #Cosmos with @XYZ from @XYZ – Sunday 11 am / Tuesday 12 noon on KALW 91.7 FM in San Francisco &amp; worldwide at  #philosophy #cosmology 	NONE
28591	Legalization of Abortion	Nationwide 20wk abortion ban passes H subcmte by all-male panel. The fight is not over. Thank you legs who voted no 	FAVOR
56353	Legalization of Abortion	It's the final day to get your applications in for @XYZ Apprentice Awards scheme for short story writers. We're partnering with them to sponsor one place on the scheme for #SouthWestWriters. Find out more and apply here:  -- deadline 11.30 pm!	NONE
40143	Legalization of Abortion	NARAL Pro-Choice Montana PAC is proud to co-endorse Will Rawn and Jacob Bachmeier for the HD 28 (Havre) primary race!	FAVOR
22903	Legalization of Abortion	Join us tonight outside Revolution Brewing in Chicago! See below for details: 	AGAINST
28907	Legalization of Abortion	Join us at the Congressional Debate in Missoula April 12th at 6pm in the UC Theater, on the UM campus. 	FAVOR
57503	Legalization of Abortion	12 days to go until the 40th anniversary event for the National Poetry Competition  Read the poem 'The Strange Case of the Movie Star’s Double' by Stephen Sexton  See Stephen and 9 other poets 20th March, Kings Place  	NONE
11952	Legalization of Abortion	So many women who regret abortion regret the fact that they didn't get information from doctors before they had the abortion #amendthebill #unjustbill #legisl8 #HumanRights	AGAINST
45518	Legalization of Abortion	TODAY: Josh and Ken talk to philosophers and others about today's most thought-provoking #television: @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ and more – 11 am on @XYZ 91.7 FM in San Francisco and worldwide at  #philosophy	NONE
20953	Legalization of Abortion	True progression within society doesn’t permit the elimination of basic human rights such as the right to life, for without this right, all others are completely meaningless. #LoveBothVoteNO #SaveThe8th	AGAINST
46761	Legalization of Abortion	This Wednesday, Sept. 16th at 2pm Pacific join us for a live online chat with philosopher BJ Strawser! BJ joined... 	NONE
33574	Legalization of Abortion	Press Conf Rm 455 at 12:45 today! Dem Women Caucus to discuss failure of H Approps to restore Title X funding to HB2. #MTLeg	FAVOR
25327	Legalization of Abortion	The House is back in order. They're doing a re-vote to reconsider Rep. Hagan's initial amendment. The amendment is again adopted. We have not yet seen that language. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
41122	Legalization of Abortion	check out @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ for their feeds from today's Montana Supreme Court hearing on domestic partnerships #mtlgbt	FAVOR
46489	Legalization of Abortion	Philosophy Talk asks about the right – or privilege – to have (multiple) children 	NONE
17974	Legalization of Abortion	"With its restrictive abortion laws, generous family policy &amp; otherwise modern economy, Ireland seems to have achieved or maintained some notable pro-life and pro-family goals without compromising women’s health or female opportunities" @XYZ  #8thref	AGAINST
45695	Legalization of Abortion	It's #Oscars weekend! This past year was a great one for thought-provoking movies, so be sure you've listened to our recent episode to find out which films the Philosophers found award-worthy before @XYZ announces theirs:  #philosophy #Oscars2018	NONE
11608	Legalization of Abortion	Imagine someone saying, “Food that doesn’t taste like garbage is the best food!” Saying, “Safe sex is the best sex!” is just as ridiculous. 	AGAINST
63158	Legalization of Abortion	How do we strike a balance between cultural preservation and openness to migrants? Listen as Josh and Ken ask Sarah Song from @XYZ in this week's FREE stream! #immigration #multiculturalism #philosophy 	NONE
21724	Legalization of Abortion	Great atmosphere today at #plc2016, off now for dinner and social get-together! Well done to all who came along.	AGAINST
59616	Legalization of Abortion	Albert Camus was born 102 years ago today, so it would be absurd not listen to our program from earlier this year... 	NONE
10533	Legalization of Abortion	If we want to empower women to keep their babies and achieve their full potential, then we need to #loveboth Don't #repealthe8th 	AGAINST
13035	Legalization of Abortion	Interested in getting involved with the Pro Life Campaign? Why not sign up today! #LoveBoth  	AGAINST
19557	Legalization of Abortion	As often as possible, ironically, the abortion industry’s strategy is to talk not about “abortion,” but rather about “abortion care.” Yet violence against a fellow member of the human family is not "care."  	AGAINST
21075	Legalization of Abortion	Pls RT: Our statement reacting to Government plans for a referendum on the 8th Amendment. #loveboth #8committee  	AGAINST
49332	Legalization of Abortion	"We honor those who let go of every- thing but freedom, who ran, who revolted, who fought, who became other by saving themselves." A very happy Pesach, whether you'll be sedering with friends, family, alone, or not at all- Here's a poem from Marge Piercy, via @XYZ 	NONE
62485	Legalization of Abortion	Raymond Antrobus @XYZ shortlisted in the 2018 #TedHughesAward for The Perseverance. “This collection’s critique of the supremacy of the sonic world opened new doors and gave us new insights.” #TedHughesShortlist  	NONE
24440	Legalization of Abortion	David D. I am not sure what ur twitter account ID is, but I wanted to publicly thank you for your donation! #Bowl16 	FAVOR
41161	Legalization of Abortion	House to vote on anti-choice bill HR 358, the 'Let Women Die' bill, tomorrow (10/13). Rep. Rehberg co-sponsors.	FAVOR
17924	Legalization of Abortion	Dr Peter Boylan wants you to believe that all medics support repeal, but @XYZ disagree - many Irish doctors believe they can give world class care under the 8th Amendment #LoveBothVoteNO #TooFarForMe #8thref	AGAINST
43410	Legalization of Abortion	Pro-choice Sen Jon Tester enters a joint session @ #MTLeg!Thank you for your support of a woman's right to choose! 	FAVOR
42236	Legalization of Abortion	The chair calls up Senate Bill 145 for a committee vote. The bill passes 5-3 and may be scheduled for a full vote in Ohio House. Email your state representative:  #StopTheBans	FAVOR
33795	Legalization of Abortion	Our allies at the Montana Coalition Against Domestic and Sexual Violence are having a pint night at Blackfoot Brewery! 	FAVOR
07787	Legalization of Abortion	Media in America ignored Gosnell trial - silence in the face of evil is itself evil @XYZ #plc2016 #loveboth	AGAINST
58837	Legalization of Abortion	ICYMI: This week's episode with @XYZ from @XYZ is now streaming free at our website:  #love #polyamory	NONE
40280	Legalization of Abortion	Klundt's sister testifying that he is a gentle person with mental health &amp; addiction issues. "I still look up to him".	FAVOR
01079	Legalization of Abortion	Register today for our National Conference and be part of the next phase of Ireland's #prolife movement:  #FightOnLoveBoth 	AGAINST
55367	Legalization of Abortion	How overconfident are we in the truth of our own beliefs? John and Ken consider the costs and benefits of... 	NONE
02481	Legalization of Abortion	Yesterday Planned Parenthood CEO Leana Wen tweeted out an article about high levels of the flu nationwide. But does Planned Parenthood offer flu shots? That's...a mystery. #ThisIsHealthCare? 	AGAINST
09685	Legalization of Abortion	If the 8th Amendment is repealed, Irish citizens will have no vote on future abortion laws #LoveBothVoteNO #8thRef 	AGAINST
27075	Legalization of Abortion	The Senate still has a vote on the bill, happening very soon. The House amendments are up for debate. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
23794	Legalization of Abortion	Press Conf Rm 455 at 12:45 today! Dem Women Caucus to discuss failure of H Approps to restore Title X funding to HB2. #MTLeg	FAVOR
10109	Legalization of Abortion	PLS RT: Our comments on the Taoiseach's commitment to hold a referendum on #abortion in 2018:  	AGAINST
45398	Legalization of Abortion	How would Sarah Conly from @XYZ convince a rational, eco-conscious couple not to have that second child they've been planning on? Tune in Sunday 11 am on @XYZ 91.7 FM in San Francisco (worldwide at ) as John and Ken ask about One Child Too Many. 	NONE
29694	Legalization of Abortion	...and to provide media coverage for the horrible six-week abortion ban that the Senate may vote on tomorrow. #AlwaysNeedADistraction 	FAVOR
41589	Legalization of Abortion	Stay safe UNC. I'm not at work on campus today due to a volunteer commitment but I know my coworkers are hiding. :( 	FAVOR
07062	Legalization of Abortion	Experience tells us that once abortion is introduced, rates will skyrocket; Vote NO to stop abortion on demand #LoveBothVoteNO #latelate 	AGAINST
56696	Legalization of Abortion	Wonderful, wonderful - here's J.R.'s poem in it's entirety, posted on her blog. If you've enjoyed following along, why not join J.R at #Greenway at one of her upcoming events like Saturday 13th Oct for e.g. Details  #WritingPlaces 	NONE
15116	Legalization of Abortion	Whitout the 8th, "There is a real prospect that they would not be free to have a law that afforded effective protection to unborn babies as this could be trumped by arguments based on rights of privacy and autonomy." William Binchy #lovebothvoteno #8thref 	AGAINST
23861	Legalization of Abortion	Our ED Julianna Crowley talks about MT election results, including LR 120 (parental notification) at #NARALsummit 	FAVOR
40401	Legalization of Abortion	Sen @XYZ to @XYZ How many votes do you need in Senate to get personhood on the ballot? Ans: 49 of 50. #mtleg	FAVOR
50680	Legalization of Abortion	You don't have to wait til you retire to watch the complete video of this week's all-host special with host emeritus John Perry in the guest seat:  #philosophy #retirement	NONE
27192	Legalization of Abortion	We’re devastated at the lost of such a terrific and inspiring person. Rest in peace and power, Amber. 	FAVOR
58951	Legalization of Abortion	Can medical treatment be forced on a patient against their will? Ken blogs on this week's topic:  #PhilosophersCorner 	NONE
17887	Legalization of Abortion	"This legislation isn't about sick babies. It's about healthy babies and unrestricted abortion up to 12 weeks." #LoveBothVoteNO #TooFarForMe #TV3 	AGAINST
39779	Legalization of Abortion	After rejecting all Democratic amendments, the committee now discusses an amendment from Sen. Beagle to prohibit trans-vaginal ultrasounds. The Republican's amendment is accepted. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
25850	Legalization of Abortion	HB127 passes 2nd reading 99-1 enhancing protections for pregnant women from intimate partner violence #mtleg	FAVOR
56850	Legalization of Abortion	Literary #event news: our friends @XYZ are holding a special event tomorrow, a talk by their current artist in residence Hawa Jande Golakai on her African crime novels. This event is FREE but booking is essential. All the details here: 	NONE
48123	Legalization of Abortion	We believe in #Accessforall when it comes to #literature, that's why as part of #QuayWords2019 at #ExeterCustomHouse, we've made sure there's plenty to appeal to young literature lovers too. Check out our range of events for children and young people: 	NONE
38231	Legalization of Abortion	"The future of the #democratic party is young women" #mtpol #mtsen #MTnomination Another vote for @XYZ	FAVOR
62587	Legalization of Abortion	Hear W.S. Graham read his poem 'The Thermal Stair' here  @XYZ  Book now for the multi-poet W.S. Graham extravaganza this Friday 8th at The Poetry Cafe celebrating his life and legacy @XYZ  	NONE
42375	Legalization of Abortion	Next witness Milka Nier is a private citizen who had an abortion and feels that no one else should access the same care she once benefitted from. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
32727	Legalization of Abortion	February 8, 2019 Montana Legislative Update. NARAL Board Member, Kim Patterson, speaks on behalf of NARAL in opposition to a Personhood Bill, HB 302.  NARAL spoke in opposition along with ACLU of Montana,... 	FAVOR
24058	Legalization of Abortion	'Let's focus on taking care of the women and children in our lives and what's best for them. ' --Senator Williams #MTLeg	FAVOR
14182	Legalization of Abortion	Even now, six years later, we still see pictures from the "Stand Up for Religious Freedom" rallies we helped organized across the nation in 2012. Case in point, an interview with Archbishop Joseph Kurtz published this week in Crux: 	AGAINST
34588	Legalization of Abortion	Starting now: The Ohio Senate Health Committee is starting now. They will be voting on the six-week abortion ban this hour, and the bill is possibly going to get a Senate vote tomorrow. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
39527	Legalization of Abortion	Witness responds to Sen. @XYZ that six-week abortion ban was not written with intent of preserving health of pregnant women suffering medical complications. Many times, failing fetal health is independent of fetal heartbeat. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
57002	Legalization of Abortion	It's #Friyay lunchtime, time for this week's recommended reads. As #BalticLitrature is a market focus in the #bookindustry this year, we're delighted to share our reviews of two books for children from two #Latvian authors our friends @XYZ 	NONE
13833	Legalization of Abortion	The March for Life Chicago is just SIX days away! Join us as we stand up for the rights of our unborn brothers and sisters. Sunday, Jan. 13th at 2:00pm in Federal Plaza. Be there! 	AGAINST
52154	Legalization of Abortion	Sartre: Nothingness lies coiled in the heart of Being.. de Beauvoir: Oh, drink your coffee KT: Condemned to donate 	NONE
23390	Legalization of Abortion	1yr ago anti-choicer destroys Kalispell clinic b/c it provided #abortion Tmrw, Rep from same town brings another restriction. #MTpol #MTleg	FAVOR
63948	Legalization of Abortion	How do we know when doubt is justified, or when is it's been sown? #merchantsofdoubt Tweet or call in live at 1-800-525-9917	NONE
10323	Legalization of Abortion	The 8th Amendment saves lives. Many people in Ireland openly credit the life of their child to the 8th #citizensassembly #LoveBoth	AGAINST
45777	Legalization of Abortion	Reason #46 to support #PhilosophyTalk: It takes lots of people to make a radio show - hosts, a producer, researchers, a Roving Philosophical Reporter and a Sixty-Second Philosopher, to be exact.    #IanShoales #LizaVeale #radio 	NONE
02948	Legalization of Abortion	#BookLoversDay is the perfect day to order "Racketeer for Life," the fascinating memoir written by our founder, the "Godfather of pro-life activism" himself, Joe Scheidler. 	AGAINST
33461	Legalization of Abortion	Question: How many male teachers were fired for fathering a child out of wedlock?? #WarOnWomen #JusticeForShaela 	FAVOR
24821	Legalization of Abortion	"I just want other young women of color to know that there is room here," Sadler says. "Our voice is so powerful that it changes tides and waves and we need to continue to do that." 	FAVOR
53848	Legalization of Abortion	Is the "hot hand" phenomenon real? And what does the statistical #puzzle known as "Simpson’s #Paradox" have to do with #basketball? Featured contributor R.A. Briggs tackles some basketball puzzles:  #PhilosophersCorner 	NONE
23821	Legalization of Abortion	Sarah Rossi w/ @XYZ discusses obstacles w/ judicial bypass in regard to parental consent laws. #MTLeg	FAVOR
06801	Legalization of Abortion	Katie Ascough: "I was asked if I wanted to meet my baby brother and I said 'yes'... I was shocked to see how developed he was at just 13 weeks... That really opened my eyes up to this issue, really this made me understand this was a human life."  #8thref	AGAINST
55918	Legalization of Abortion	imgur album screencaping all the DKC references in the Super Mario Odyssey trailer  	NONE
35454	Legalization of Abortion	"Lawmakers passed three anti-abortion measures this year, a subject that did not survive the 2013 Legislature.... 	FAVOR
31450	Legalization of Abortion	We are in House Business and Labor waiting to testify against House Bill 283. See our website for more info www.prochoicemontana.org/ #mtleg	FAVOR
29854	Legalization of Abortion	Sen. @XYZ asks about the physician witness's disinclination to use medically-accurate terminology. She also noted criminal penalties for doctors under the bill. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
23333	Legalization of Abortion	MUST READ: A Year Later, Fallout frm Destroyed Clinic Lingers  via @XYZ #MTnews #MTpol #abortion #1in3women	FAVOR
27388	Legalization of Abortion	This TUESDAY: Three anti-abortion bills are getting committee hearings in the Ohio Statehouse. Join us to #StopTheBans!  9:30am &amp; 4pm Senate hearing on SB23 &amp; SB27 11am House hearing on HB68 	FAVOR
42637	Legalization of Abortion	Click here to tell Senator Jon Tester you thank him for always trusting women and for supporting access to... 	FAVOR
13337	Legalization of Abortion	Citizens’ Assembly Chairperson tells RTÉ that PLC claims if true could undermine integrity of assembly. Pls retweet 	AGAINST
50978	Legalization of Abortion	Can we experience pure consciousness? Shaun Gallagher from @XYZ talks #Phenomenology today 12p @XYZ 91.7 &amp;  	NONE
49109	Legalization of Abortion	We are looking forward to this event. Do come and join us for an evening of fantastic #poetry and #discussion #LoveLibraries 	NONE
23416	Legalization of Abortion	Last chance to donate in support of #abortion rights in 2014! Get that tax deduction &amp; help us go into 2015 strong! 	FAVOR
36397	Legalization of Abortion	It's #Bowl19 Raffle time! Every $1 donated to The Abortscorts between now and Sunday, April 28, 2 PM will get you one entry into raffle for this #clinicescort crafted #crossstitch! To donate:  (Send DM if wishing to donate anonymously!) 	FAVOR
58003	Legalization of Abortion	Dear Italian friends/ Cari amici Italiani, Please vote for Malta to qualify for the #eurovision final Per favore votare per Malta per qualifarci per le finale del #eurovision  You can SMS "11" on 4754750 Manda un SMS. Scrive "11" su 4754750	NONE
59168	Legalization of Abortion	Check out John Perry's blog on joint action ahead of this week's broadcast:  #ActingTogether 	NONE
14720	Legalization of Abortion	Deputy Bobby Aylward: 'This house shouldn't force anyone to go against their conscience, their morals and their beliefs' #unjustbill #amendthebill #humanrights #legisl8	AGAINST
58142	Legalization of Abortion	I just got out of an event tomorrow. They did not mention finger food so my presence is not needed.	NONE
17245	Legalization of Abortion	Texas-sized outrage being manufactured on #handsoffmyBC. But when Pepsi, Exxon &amp; Chevon were exempted from contraception mandate? Nothing.	AGAINST
46452	Legalization of Abortion	Friday shout-out to Dan McCue Thea Merrill &amp; Shannan Hobbs THANK YOU Let's keep philosophy on the radio #philtalk150 	NONE
28536	Legalization of Abortion	THX @XYZ @XYZ 4 taking down deceptive ads from #antichoice crisis pregnancy centers! Thank Google yourself: 	FAVOR
33972	Legalization of Abortion	We are beyond proud to defend access at A Woman's Choice Inc and so thankful to stand in support of ALL PEOPLE who seek abortion care in our community &lt;3 	FAVOR
00562	Legalization of Abortion	There is something very sinister, NAZI-esque, about folks who support killing babies. #qanda #auspol	AGAINST
31773	Legalization of Abortion	The time may have gone forward an hour, but it feels like it went back 50 years in #NC. Donate &amp; help us fight back! 	FAVOR
50548	Legalization of Abortion	Can there ever be #humility when it comes to religious #faith? And how unwavering should the faithful be when it comes to their religious convictions, attitudes, and actions? Ken (humbly) shares his thoughts about the topic of this week's episode.  	NONE
34695	Legalization of Abortion	As DeWine names Health Director, dueling abortion ban hearings drag on -  via @XYZ #StopTheBans	FAVOR
25819	Legalization of Abortion	Rep. Andrew Person HD 96 on the bill to ban telemedicine for abortion services: "It was clear during the hearing... 	FAVOR
62961	Legalization of Abortion	It's one thing being rejected for not having enough experience just out of college. It's another thing when you volunteer for 2 years whilst at college and being told that it doesn't count.	NONE
52625	Legalization of Abortion	The Japanese version of Ashley's Song in WarioWare Touched has a deliberate subliminal message: Ashley's spells in the second verses are seemingly nonsense words which, when put backward, read "Made in Wario is Number One!" 	NONE
40683	Legalization of Abortion	Custer Co. Chair nominates @XYZ Dillon rep 2nds: he wants this. He can win. #mtsen #mtpol #MTnomination	FAVOR
01020	Legalization of Abortion	'You have to have grit. Stay laser focused. Do not go away'! @XYZ at #plc2018	AGAINST
33805	Legalization of Abortion	We are having a volunteer night Thursday March 29. We need envelope stuffers! :) 	FAVOR
20727	Legalization of Abortion	#LoveBothVoteNo to abortion as the "default solution" for difficulties. #8thRef is your chance to tell the Government that we want supports for women, not abortion.	AGAINST
59452	Legalization of Abortion	Did we mention we have Philosophy Talk doggie clothes? Check out our merchandise online:... 	NONE
31298	Legalization of Abortion	The march is wrapping up and we are on our way to rally for equality! #MTPride2012	FAVOR
59379	Legalization of Abortion	When is it wrong to save a life? Lessons from the #TrolleyProblem this Sunday 10a / Tuesday 12p @XYZ 91.7 FM in SF: 	NONE
40170	Legalization of Abortion	Thank you, @XYZ for your passion on behalf of Montana's women and families. We can't wait to see what great things you'll do next!	FAVOR
25845	Legalization of Abortion	Rep Doc Moore chokes up in hearing on domestic violence. Supports greater UI help for victims. #mtleg HB306	FAVOR
36614	Legalization of Abortion	Shocking that ignoring scientific advancements and tested medicine is harmful / sarcasm #ProChoice 	FAVOR
47389	Legalization of Abortion	People Are Sharing The "Least Flattering" Pics Of Their Pets And They're Adorably Heinous  	NONE
46620	Legalization of Abortion	Support #Philosophy Talk while looking good. We got t-shirts, onsies, doggie clothes &amp; more: 	NONE
25856	Legalization of Abortion	TODAY @ NOON! Rally to protect #abortion access &amp; celebrate 42 years of #Roe. Stand w/ women &amp; #RoeYourVote! #MTleg #MTpol	FAVOR
40783	Legalization of Abortion	BLOWN AWAY by response to our @XYZ fundraiser! Can u believe we reached our goal in less than 3 days!? Love &lt;3 	FAVOR
35667	Legalization of Abortion	So many of you helped when an #abortion clinic in Kalispell was vandalized. Please help again as we defend access. 	FAVOR
49599	Legalization of Abortion	Good news - we've just updated our website with all the #PoemsontheUnderground posters we have in stock! The posters are always free (we just charge for P&amp;P) and will perfectly fill that poetryless space on your wall - have a browse now:  	NONE
06800	Legalization of Abortion	Although at least 100,000 lives have been saved since the 8th amendment was passed, much more could have been done to reduce even further the number of women who feel they need to abort their unborn children. #LoveBothVoteNO #8thref 	AGAINST
34327	Legalization of Abortion	As we've said before, as @XYZ challenges DeWine's abortion ban, ABORTION CLINICS IN OHIO ARE OPEN. #StopTheBans Find a clinic at  	FAVOR
43575	Legalization of Abortion	Our allies at the Montana Coalition Against Domestic and Sexual Violence are having a pint night at Blackfoot Brewery! 	FAVOR
55579	Legalization of Abortion	[Thread] Though it's often believed the idea of the Mario characters existing/originating in the "real world" was something made up by the American comics and cartoons, some Japanese material also toyed with this concept:	NONE
55412	Legalization of Abortion	It's Leo's one year Gotcha Day anniversary! Thoughts on Leo's first year:  	NONE
36469	Legalization of Abortion	It's not all doom and gloom! Kavanaugh hearing is now up in the air and NOW THIS!   	FAVOR
23023	Legalization of Abortion	NARAL Pro-Choice Montana is proud to endorse Frank Smith (SD 16) of Poplar in his primary race! 	FAVOR
09050	Legalization of Abortion	#consciencerights are only there in a figleaf form says @XYZ #unjustbill #amendthebill #legisl8	AGAINST
40382	Legalization of Abortion	1/ Sen Thomas on HB479 &amp; the advance of the ultrasound, prefaced w several mentions of "the science is contested"... #mtleg	FAVOR
08328	Legalization of Abortion	Tomorrow is #GivingTuesday! Will you consider raising money to support our life-saving work? Click on the link below and then click "Select Nonprofit" and type in "Pro-Life Action League" to get started. 	AGAINST
58732	Legalization of Abortion	Should we regulate the impacts of technology on our workforce now? Or just wait for innovation to take the lead and mitigate its effects on labor with a universal basic income?  #PhiosophersCorner 	NONE
35643	Legalization of Abortion	Will the #MTLeg #Dresscode turn out to be the 1st compromise between @XYZ &amp; @XYZ We sincerely hope so. 	FAVOR
10608	Legalization of Abortion	Spokesperson @XYZ responds to leaked documents showing foreign funding of pro choice mvt. #twowomentravel 	AGAINST
13786	Legalization of Abortion	46 years ago today, the Supreme Court issued its Roe v. Wade &amp; Doe v. Bolton decisions, which effectively legalized abortion at any point during pregnancy. Remember the victims. #RoevWade #Roe46 #TuesdayThoughts 	AGAINST
42913	Legalization of Abortion	Rep @XYZ intros amendment to also prohibit vasectomies from telemedicine. Reminds House sponsor supported telemed in past.  #MTleg	FAVOR
52708	Legalization of Abortion	Back in 2016, we asked a few questions to John Grusd, the producer-director of DIC's Mario cartoons 	NONE
10550	Legalization of Abortion	10s of 1000s of people are alive today thanks to 8th Am. Read actuarial report here:  #loveboth #citizensassembly	AGAINST
13553	Legalization of Abortion	Thanks to our friends at @XYZ for this great article about our recent protest of Planned Parenthood's fundraiser in Chicago! #ProtestPP #MondayMorning 	AGAINST
57468	Legalization of Abortion	4 days to go until the 40th anniversary event for the National Poetry Competition  Not got tickets yet? WIN two tickets and a poetry book to take away from the event  Hear new commissions from 10 poets. 20th March, Kings Place  	NONE
35397	Legalization of Abortion	Sentencing hearing for Kalispell vandal happening today. Send &lt;3 &amp; strength to Susan Cahill. #AbortionProvidersAreHeroes	FAVOR
35607	Legalization of Abortion	Alleged Kalispell Clinic Vandal to Change Plea - Flathead Beacon  via @XYZ #MTnews #MTpol	FAVOR
29594	Legalization of Abortion	Two of our team members, @XYZ &amp; Ashley Underwood, will be speaking on this panel tomorrow in Lakewood! Check out more details here:  	FAVOR
66689	Legalization of Abortion	Our friends @XYZ are currently seeking a Creative Producer to join their team in Exeter and North Devon to support the delivery of their exciting new 'Discover, Explore, Create' activity. Could this be you? All details are here:  #lovelibraries	NONE
62257	Legalization of Abortion	Pulitzer Prizes for poetry awarded to Forrest Gander for 'Be With' - exploring his grief as he navigated the loss of his wife, poet C.D. Wright, who passed away in 2016 	NONE
56742	Legalization of Abortion	Great opportunity for young playwrights here @XYZ in partnership with our friends @XYZ have a fantastic training opportunity on offer for young and emerging playwrights. Find out more here:  One for the weekend perhaps? Apply now!	NONE
02820	Legalization of Abortion	If you've had an abortion and need someone to talk to, help is available:  #WorldMentalHealthDay	AGAINST
58724	Legalization of Abortion	TODAY: John &amp; Ken ask Alvin Goldman from @XYZ how #intuition could be a guide to #truth – 11 am on KALW 91.7 FM in San Francisco. 	NONE
43786	Legalization of Abortion	When the GOP talks about "punishing" those who seek abortion, THIS is what they are talking about. Abortion stigma and criminalization breeds an... 	FAVOR
08374	Legalization of Abortion	Because we can't depend on the mainstream media to report on Planned Parenthood's coverup of child rape.  #WhyIWrite	AGAINST
40854	Legalization of Abortion	Great LTE about the importance of restoring Title X funding! MT deserves full breadth of healthcare options.  #mtleg	FAVOR
50162	Legalization of Abortion	Sci-fi thriller "I Am Mother" hits @XYZ today. #FrancisOnFilm got to see the film at this year's @XYZ Check out her review on the blog:  #PhilosophersCorner	NONE
35865	Legalization of Abortion	It's OFFICIAL! @XYZ has released our Primary Voter Guide! See if your legistors are #prochoice! 	FAVOR
31969	Legalization of Abortion	Rep. @XYZ says this is not the end of this abortion ban. "This is only the beginning." Indeed, we expect a swift legal challenge to the ban. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
36797	Legalization of Abortion	Friendly reminder that abortion is still legal in *checks list* all 50 states.  To find a clinic in Ohio, visit 	FAVOR
11905	Legalization of Abortion	Vote now called on Amendment 47 (Main amendment on #consciencerights) #unjustbill #amendthebill #humanrights #legisl8	AGAINST
50013	Legalization of Abortion	I wish twitter let you edit tweets' spelling and grammar. Really just my only complaint	NONE
40397	Legalization of Abortion	Medicaid-expansion supporters rally on Capitol steps:  via @XYZ #MTleg #70000CantWait #CloseTheGap	FAVOR
43596	Legalization of Abortion	39 years ago today the Supreme Court made a landmark decision that allowed American women to demonstrate autonomy over their bodies.	FAVOR
59701	Legalization of Abortion	New sounds from Philosophy Talk: The Ethics of Drone Warfare  on #SoundCloud	NONE
41758	Legalization of Abortion	In committee, many witnesses, including clergy, and multiple members of the Democratic caucus noted their faith, which guides their pro-choice views. #ProFamily #ProFaith #ProChoice 	FAVOR
09380	Legalization of Abortion	We need to stand up for Freedom of Conscience with doctors, nurses and other healthcare workers #civilrights #consciencerights 	AGAINST
47909	Legalization of Abortion	While this thread isn't Mario-related. it's /very/ relevant to our interest. @XYZ is speaking the truth. 	NONE
51792	Legalization of Abortion	Can we make sense of #Heidegger? Tune in LIVE at 10a PDT on @XYZ 91.7 FM in SF &amp; online at  	NONE
38898	Legalization of Abortion	I really didn't think anyone in the #antiabortion movement could think up a more useless form of activism than clinic harassing or CPCs but then @XYZ showed up and was like "Hold My Beer" #abbymail #attwn #prochoice #abortion 	FAVOR
63535	Legalization of Abortion	Check out Debra's blog ahead of tomorrow's live broadcast with @XYZ from @XYZ University, author of "Down, Girl: The Logic of #Misogyny."  #PhilosophersCorner 	NONE
55759	Legalization of Abortion	Marvel: "Infinity War is the most ambitious crossover event in history" Me: 	NONE
19048	Legalization of Abortion	Our spokesperson Lorraine McMahon was on @XYZ this afternoon talking about #Celebrate8th You can listen here. 	AGAINST
03531	Legalization of Abortion	Amendment 55 Extension of #consciencerights to students being voted on now #consciencerights #unjustbill #amendthebill #humanrights #legisl8	AGAINST
17822	Legalization of Abortion	"All life begins at conception" - we agree, @XYZ - thanks for acknowledging that. RT if you agree life begins at conception and we need to protect ALL lives. #LoveBothVoteNO #8thref	AGAINST
26929	Legalization of Abortion	Speaking of local #SelfCare - Anyone in the RDU area willing to share their #SelfCare expertise with our volunteers? Get in touch!	FAVOR
37816	Legalization of Abortion	Breaking: Judge sentences Klundt to 20 years (15 suspended) for destroying Susan Cahill's clinic in Kalispell.... 	FAVOR
00556	Legalization of Abortion	 Mary, Help of Christians persecuted everywhere, pray for us!  #HolyLove #UnitedHearts #MaranathaSnS #profamily #1m1w #marriage	AGAINST
66586	Legalization of Abortion	All donations are welcome, if you would like to support poetry sessions in #MemoryCafes please donate here:  #Poetry #Memory @XYZ @XYZ @XYZ 	NONE
54752	Legalization of Abortion	2pm TODAY--Chat Live online with Bradley Strawser about the ethics of drone warfare! 	NONE
52334	Legalization of Abortion	Congrats to the Twitter giveaway winner, @XYZ Please DM us your address so we can send your prize on Tuesday. Thanks! 	NONE
22042	Legalization of Abortion	There's a certain percentage of the population who will *never* be convinced that there are some babies who survive abortions. And this despite the fact that there are real, flesh-and-blood people like Melissa Ohden who are living proof.... 	AGAINST
67389	Legalization of Abortion	"Now we maun totter down, John, / And hand in hand we'll go, / And sleep the gither at the foot, / John Anderson my jo." Find Robert Burns in the latest set of Love #PoemsontheUnderground, now on the Tube. Order the poster for just the price of P&amp;P: ❤️ 	NONE
12150	Legalization of Abortion	The Second Stage vote on the abortion Bill passed in Dáil Éireann today. 102 Deputies voted Yes, 12 voted No and 7 abstained. Please continue to lobby your TDs to support life-saving amendments. #chooselife #prolife #fightonloveboth 	AGAINST
07452	Legalization of Abortion	A baby's heart starts beating 21 days after conception. The unborn child is not a potential life, but a life with potential. #LoveBoth 	AGAINST
58932	Legalization of Abortion	John &amp; Ken question the rights of nonuhmans w @XYZ of @XYZ – Sun 10a / Tue 12p @XYZ 91.7 in SF 	NONE
51883	Legalization of Abortion	Ken blogs about the Art of Non-Violence ahead of tomorrow's broadcast with Judith Butler. 	NONE
25129	Legalization of Abortion	We're very grateful for the leadership of @XYZ in standing up for women, both this month and throughout her entire legislative career. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
46394	Legalization of Abortion	2 DAYS LEFT to give to the program that "questions everything...except your intelligence!"  	NONE
43865	Legalization of Abortion	Come say hi! We're marching with NARAL Pro-Choice North Carolina and Carolina Abortion Fund! 	FAVOR
18899	Legalization of Abortion	In England and Wales, 1 in 5 pregnancies end in abortion. This is one of the realities of the debate that #repealthe8th won't engage with. 	AGAINST
38892	Legalization of Abortion	We've known this all along - Closing clinics doesnt end abortion, it just forces people to travel. We encourage folks to send some cash to the Carolina Abortion Fund as they often provide funding to help folks navigate the costs of travel to NC for care.	FAVOR
20835	Legalization of Abortion	When you introduce abortion into Ireland, you ultimately change the culture of the country. No surprise that abortion rates sky-rocketed in Britain after legalisation #LoveBothVoteNO #TonightTV3	AGAINST
56177	Legalization of Abortion	A new one to covet @XYZ #BookAreOurBag #LoveBooks #LoveReading #Totellyfabulous! 	NONE
11577	Legalization of Abortion	The real “War on Christmas” is abortion. That’s why year after year we go out to abortion centers across the country with our carols, sharing the angels’ message that joy enters the world through the birth of a child. 	AGAINST
62437	Legalization of Abortion	and right here, after she ceased to breathe they made a mix-tape         longer than any tape measure could measure. ‘Joy Gardner, 1993’ from Roy McFarlane’s The Healing Next Time, shortlisted for the 2018 Ted Hughes Award #TedHughesShortlist  	NONE
03595	Legalization of Abortion	Let's not forgot the @XYZ promise early in 2018 when he said abortion would be 'safe, legal and rare'. It sure won't be rare based on the debate in the Dáil Chamber tonight Taoiseach! So sad. #AmendtheBill #UnjustBill #legisl8 #HumanRights 	AGAINST
44512	Legalization of Abortion	Witness Lori Viars is the head of an anti-abortion organization in Ohio. She's holding up ultrasound photos as a reason for banning abortion. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
61334	Legalization of Abortion	Exciting opportunity here from the @XYZ whose 'Emerging Writers programme' is now open for applications. Library membership (worth £535), writing masterclasses, literary networking and more on offer. Reads more and find out how to apply, here: 	NONE
46373	Legalization of Abortion	The next show up on @XYZ is “The Mystery of Music”  . Tweet your comments/questions #Mystery-Music	NONE
46472	Legalization of Abortion	Support Philosophy Talk radio...but not before coffee Generosity  #philtalk150... 	NONE
57368	Legalization of Abortion	'It's massive, it's hard, I don't understand it!' TS Eliot dance show hits UK 	NONE
66395	Legalization of Abortion	Great news for #Plymouth's City Laureate @XYZ who will be publishing his debut collection this time next week. Read more here:  @XYZ	NONE
16354	Legalization of Abortion	Abortion is not health care. Abortion is violence. Abortion is not health care. Abortion is violence. Abortion is not health care. Abortion is violence. Abortion is not health care. Abortion is violence. Abortion is not health care. Abortion is violence. 	AGAINST
50876	Legalization of Abortion	No time for #reading? @XYZ says it's essential for a well-lived life:  #PhilosophersCorner #DeepDive 	NONE
28128	Legalization of Abortion	Cheers for VETO #1! Huge thanks @XYZ for keeping gov't out of the dr's office. Tell him U have his back! 	FAVOR
46002	Legalization of Abortion	How can politically-engaged #philosophers avoid self-righteous moralizing &amp; political meltdowns?  #PhilosophersCorner 	NONE
39532	Legalization of Abortion	Dr. Boothman testifies that legislative restrictions on physicians with criminal penalties attached will cause medical professionals to move their practices out of Ohio. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
14314	Legalization of Abortion	Eric Scheidler from our protest of Planned Parenthood’s Roe v Wade celebration in Chicago: 	AGAINST
13446	Legalization of Abortion	If you want to stay up to date on our work, sign up to our newsletter now  #CelebrateThe8th #LoveBoth	AGAINST
27248	Legalization of Abortion	After two anti-choice witnesses, Mallory McMaster testifies against this anti-abortion resolution. She says this resolution calls for violence against doctors. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
33269	Legalization of Abortion	Final Helena #prochoice phonebank was HUGE success! Vols called 2 support @XYZ Moffie Funk, &amp; @XYZ 	FAVOR
21005	Legalization of Abortion	Government hasn't discussed alternatives to abortion but willing to open up Ireland to foreign abortion industry #LoveBothVoteNo #latelate 	AGAINST
00118	Legalization of Abortion	Pro-Choice is meaningless. Say what you mean. You stand for the right to choose to kill.	AGAINST
57932	Legalization of Abortion	It's been 4 and a half months since I started looking for a job. This is ridiculous	NONE
48410	Legalization of Abortion	Calling all creatives, technologists, businesses and thinkers! Apply to be a Fellow with @XYZ  £15k (part-time) for 10 months exploring the potentials, challenges &amp; opportunities of #creativetechnology and #automation - algorithms, robots, AI and more. 	NONE
45285	Legalization of Abortion	Don't let the limits of your #language be the limits of your #podcasts. Celebrate the 130th anniversary of Ludwig #Wittgenstein by listening to our vintage episode with Juliet Floyd from @XYZ  #philosophy #philosopher 	NONE
50009	Legalization of Abortion	Any Spanish mutuals? Or any that have visited Costa Brava. I'm planning a holiday and I need help	NONE
41500	Legalization of Abortion	It's Day #4 of @XYZ #PledgeAProtester campaign and were over $1000!  To pledge: 	FAVOR
12750	Legalization of Abortion	Just 6% of the public are aware that 1 in 5 pregnancies in England and Wales end in abortion #8commiittee	AGAINST
22047	Legalization of Abortion	Louisiana TV News Airs Footage Showing Filth at Planned Parenthood. #ThisIsHealthCare? 	AGAINST
46867	Legalization of Abortion	Foucault says that not donating to Philosophy Talk is a form of madness. Give what you can:  	NONE
40130	Legalization of Abortion	NARAL Pro-Choice America President Ilyse Hogue confronted head-on the stereotype that women who have abortions... 	FAVOR
20216	Legalization of Abortion	Senator @XYZ doing a stellar job standing up for humane amendments in Seanad Éireann as the #unjustbill is debated. @XYZ #amendthebill #HumanRights 	AGAINST
35929	Legalization of Abortion	If you haven't done so already, please sign this petition for Medicaid expansion and share it widely! 70,000... 	FAVOR
39010	Legalization of Abortion	She must really love funding abortion. Thanks for supporting @XYZ Activist Mommy! 	FAVOR
06749	Legalization of Abortion	Whitout the 8th, "There is a real prospect that they would not be free to have a law that afforded effective protection to unborn babies as this could be trumped by arguments based on rights of privacy and autonomy." William Binchy #lovebothvoteno #8thref 	AGAINST
44037	Legalization of Abortion	Every clinic protester has the blood of the PP CO victims on their hands. EVERY LAST ONE.	FAVOR
56273	Legalization of Abortion	It's #Friyay, it's #InternationalWomensDay and we are feeling fabulous. Giving a shout to all the fabulous women who are creating and making things happen in #literature in the #SouthWest and beyond - Happy #IWD2019!	NONE
21365	Legalization of Abortion	Why won't @XYZ speak up for babies born alive and left to die alone in hospitals without medical care after "botched abortions"? 	AGAINST
11666	Legalization of Abortion	Yes, the U.S. is 1 of only 7 countries that allows elective abortions after 20 weeks. And that's shameful. 	AGAINST
47374	Legalization of Abortion	This week: If you second-guess yourself and your first guess turns out right, won't you just feel like a fool?... 	NONE
65031	Legalization of Abortion	In case you missed the broadcast -- It's this week's free stream -- Hypocrisy 	NONE
50126	Legalization of Abortion	Before you say that ageism only affects the 55+ I applied for around 65 jobs and all I received was "too young" and "skills gained outside paid work do not count". It's insane. A 2:1 degree. Post-grad credits. A 2-year internship plus 6 other jobs.  Believe in our generation	NONE
29948	Legalization of Abortion	At a lunch event today, @XYZ wouldn't say how he'll handle the two abortion bans on his desk, but he needs to VETO BOTH. ACTION:  Main line: (614) 466-3555 Hotline: (614) 644-4357 #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
66230	Legalization of Abortion	Have you ever just stopped and thought... you need the answer to explain 'How I Came to Be Where I Never Was'? Turns out, you're not alone... spoken word aficionado Jonny Fluffypunk will be pondering this in his new show with @XYZ All the details: 	NONE
52078	Legalization of Abortion	"Cyber Activism." 3pm at the Marsh Theater, Say "Ken's Morning Tweet" at the door, get 2 free tickets. 3pm only. 	NONE
60371	Legalization of Abortion	"The mountains are calling and I must go.” ~ John Muir 🐶🏔️ How adorable is Trunks? See even more of his adventures on Instagram  #DogsWeLove 	NONE
52920	Legalization of Abortion	Kensuke Tanabe is the director of SMB 2 (USA), and manager of SPD 3. Read more here:  	NONE
15341	Legalization of Abortion	Bernadette Goulding from  is now speaking about her experience of abortion regret. Abortion is based on lies she tells the thousands of assembled people. #LoveBothVoteNO	AGAINST
45135	Legalization of Abortion	That's it for shoutouts. I hope mother's day was a day of love and appreciation	NONE
52283	Legalization of Abortion	Can anyone ever really claim to "not see color" given the ubiquity of implicit racial and ethnic biases? Tune in... 	NONE
01165	Legalization of Abortion	The tsunami of misinformation and manipulation of the Irish people in this debate has to stop. #StopTheTsunami #LoveBothVoteNO #TooFarForMe #8thref	AGAINST
52437	Legalization of Abortion	Dogs in the workplace? It's a growing trend! Make sure your dog is welcome in the workplace with these simple rules:  	NONE
21615	Legalization of Abortion	Pls RT: Our comments on the Government's offer of compensation in an abortion case today.  	AGAINST
64052	Legalization of Abortion	New sounds from Philosophy Talk: The Value of a College Education  on #SoundCloud	NONE
27769	Legalization of Abortion	Rep. Antonio adds that the bill doesn't include exceptions for rape or incest, blocking abortion before survivors of sexual assault know they're pregnant. She says women "should not be forced to carry a rapist's child." #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
43315	Legalization of Abortion	Rep. Schreiner addresses kids who have unhealthy homes and/or absent parents. "Cannot look at this through rose colored glasses." #MTLeg	FAVOR
60139	Legalization of Abortion	We don't question your intelligence. We rely on it. On your support too. Any amount helps.  	NONE
51517	Legalization of Abortion	Get ready for tomorrow's live tapings at the Marsh Theater in Berkeley by listening to this week's FREE STREAM of... 	NONE
61258	Legalization of Abortion	Young #writers and #artists, have you seen this great competition run by @XYZ Keats in Winchester young writers and artists competition. All the details are here: 	NONE
14397	Legalization of Abortion	Imagine someone saying, “Food that doesn’t taste like garbage is the best food!” Saying, “Safe sex is the best sex!” is just as ridiculous. 	AGAINST
54065	Legalization of Abortion	When a political demonstration turns violent, can that violence ever be justified?  #PhilosophersCorner 	NONE
57421	Legalization of Abortion	Our annual awards ceremony is now underway! We’ll be tweeting the winners of the #TedHughesAward and #NationalPoetryCompetition as they are announced…	NONE
11118	Legalization of Abortion	Planning on catching some #CyberMonday deals on Amazon? Start your shopping at  and Amazon donates a portion of your purchase to the Pro-Life Action League! 	AGAINST
18163	Legalization of Abortion	Can't wait to see everyone for our last #StandUpForLife Rally at Merrion Square! #LoveBothVoteNO  	AGAINST
56814	Legalization of Abortion	An excellent opportunity for #writers looking to expand their portfolios to working with children. @XYZ is in #Bristol later this month 👇👇👇 	NONE
30856	Legalization of Abortion	We are #phonebanking tonight for #prochoice candidates in Helena! Send a message for details! #GOTV #MTelections Grassroots Ground Game=ON	FAVOR
25470	Legalization of Abortion	NARAL Pro-Choice Montana PAC is proud to endorse Tom France (SD 47) of Missoula in his primary race! 	FAVOR
51894	Legalization of Abortion	Does objective morality require God? John Figdor has an interesting view. He's our guest for tomorrow's LIVE CHAT! ...	NONE
65037	Legalization of Abortion	Check out the full vid of our recent Moral Costs of #ClimateChange show, recorded live @XYZ in Corvallis: 	NONE
50265	Legalization of Abortion	This week: What happens when #philanthropy by the wealthy becomes a substitute for democratically-controlled government action? John and Ken welcome Bruce Sievers from @XYZ TODAY 11a / Tuesday 12p on @XYZ 91.7 FM in San Francisco &amp; worldwide at  	NONE
63690	Legalization of Abortion	Is one person's #trash really another's treasure? LIVE 11a @XYZ 91.7 in #SanFrancisco – call 800-525-9917 to share. 	NONE
31775	Legalization of Abortion	David D. I am not sure what ur twitter account ID is, but I wanted to publicly thank you for your donation! #Bowl16 	FAVOR
54567	Legalization of Abortion	This week: How could there be meaning in a world that's ultimately nothing but gas and dust? John and Ken tackle... 	NONE
18546	Legalization of Abortion	A baby's heart starts beating 21 days after conception. The unborn child is not a potential life, but a life with potential. #LoveBoth 	AGAINST
51226	Legalization of Abortion	New sounds from Philosophy Talk: The Mystery of the Multiverse  on #SoundCloud	NONE
28801	Legalization of Abortion	"Contraception isn't just a women's issue, it's an economic issue" - Pres. Obama	FAVOR
20039	Legalization of Abortion	Big companies like Pepsi, Exxon &amp; Chevon have been exempt from contraception mandate. But only NOW come the #handsoffmyBC histrionics?	AGAINST
14033	Legalization of Abortion	#TwitterShouldBe not banning people for showing pictures of abortion victims. 	AGAINST
03304	Legalization of Abortion	Big companies like Pepsi, Exxon &amp; Chevon have been exempt from contraception mandate. But only NOW come the #handsoffmyBC histrionics? 	AGAINST
62837	Legalization of Abortion	Better system 1 like= 1 answer.  I'll skip over the ones I've done already 	NONE
37008	Legalization of Abortion	Just last week, @XYZ promised to improve the infant and maternal mortality problem... and here are his Republican colleagues voting against just that. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
01626	Legalization of Abortion	What about those women who lose their lives as a direct result of the abortion procedure? #loveboth #8committee	AGAINST
06743	Legalization of Abortion	The tsunami of misinformation and manipulation of the Irish people in this debate has to stop. #StopTheTsunami #LoveBothVoteNO #TooFarForMe #8thref	AGAINST
12344	Legalization of Abortion	"This legislation isn't about sick babies. It's about healthy babies and unrestricted abortion up to 12 weeks." #LoveBothVoteNO #TooFarForMe #TV3 	AGAINST
02273	Legalization of Abortion	Incorrect link earlier - here is our spokesperson @XYZ discussing today's plans with @XYZ 	AGAINST
28934	Legalization of Abortion	HR 358 would also effectively ban insurance coverage of abortion in state health-insurance exchanges, denying abortion coverage to millions.	FAVOR
22012	Legalization of Abortion	Listen to these recent 911 calls from the Family Planning Associates abortion clinic in Chicago. Like most Illinois abortion clinics, this location is UNLICENSED, meaning that the Illinois Department of Public Health has no... 	AGAINST
20049	Legalization of Abortion	Now that HB40 has been signed, it's more important than ever for us to witness outside abortion clinics. 	AGAINST
08344	Legalization of Abortion	Rauner dealt a severe blow to his chances in 2016 when he signed SB1564 (forcing doctors to refer for abortions), &amp; he destroyed any remaining chance he might have had in 2017 when he signed HB40 (forcing taxpayers to fund abortions). #ElectionResults2018 	AGAINST
07461	Legalization of Abortion	No one can deny the humanity of the unborn. Every human being possesses equal value &amp; dignity. All human lives deserve protection #LoveBoth 	AGAINST
26509	Legalization of Abortion	Sen. Moss pointing out the numerous ways in which HB 456 is unconstitutional. #MTleg	FAVOR
55263	Legalization of Abortion	It all begins with you. Check out our video pitch, if you need convincing.  And then donate 	NONE
57865	Legalization of Abortion	there's nothing like having to complain to your recruiter for being a piece of shit	NONE
22706	Legalization of Abortion	Just FIVE days until the March for Life Chicago! Sunday, Jan. 14th at 2:00pm in Federal Plaza. BE THERE! 	AGAINST
55500	Legalization of Abortion	Peter Cottontail will soon be hopping down the bunny trail! Before he arrives, learn to keep your pet safe from these top 3 Easter hazards that you might not even be aware of!  	NONE
46930	Legalization of Abortion	We are interviewing Edward Snowden RIGHT NOW. Live stream our interview with Snowden here: 	NONE
04426	Legalization of Abortion	Are women only welcome to the abortion debate if they are abortion supporters?  #8Committee	AGAINST
21700	Legalization of Abortion	90% of babies diagnosed with Down Syndrome in the womb are aborted in England and Wales. Let's #loveboth in Ireland and oppose abortion. 	AGAINST
51201	Legalization of Abortion	John Perry blogs about the #multiverse ahead of tomorrow's live broadcast with George Ellis from @XYZ  	NONE
27578	Legalization of Abortion	Senators Jay Hottinger and Peggy Lehner are taking turns questioning clergy members on their religious beliefs. The senators want to force their political beliefs into women's personal lives. #StopTheBans 	FAVOR
49415	Legalization of Abortion	Juan Mata, Man Utd midfielder: Charles Bukowski, someone I really like. He wrote with no added words - only the words that are needed, that's it. And he did it perfectly. 	NONE
59371	Legalization of Abortion	Now streaming: "Is #AffirmativeAction Too Little or Too Much?" w/ @XYZ  #philtalk150 	NONE
54978	Legalization of Abortion	If God is really dead, why *isn't* everything permitted? Ken blogs about searching for Morality in a Godless... 	NONE
51718	Legalization of Abortion	Fans of Philosophy Talk--we need you!  We're significantly short of our operating budget for the 2015-2016... 	NONE
26972	Legalization of Abortion	Group plans local rally today for abortion rights  #AbortionAccessDayton #AbortionSolidarity	FAVOR
29469	Legalization of Abortion	Happening now Rep Becker provides sponsor testimony on HB 182, a bill that will ban insurance coverage for abortion, contraception and even treatment for ectopic pregnancies in ALL private and public health insurance plans. #StopTheBans	FAVOR
58154	Legalization of Abortion	On Easter day, Churches around the world get attacked, burned and bombed. Today was no exception. Keep the courageous Church-goers in your prayers.	NONE
66102	Legalization of Abortion	#WednesdayWisdom - #Writers have you seen our Writers' Community? A place for you to hold a public profile, network with other writers and find out about the latest opportunities in the region? Explore the options today and sign up here: 	NONE
08463	Legalization of Abortion	We’ve known for years how effective robust pro-life activism is in the fight against abortion, because doctors want to be subject to protests about as much as they want to be hit with a malpractice suit. The decision of Women’s... 	AGAINST
15031	Legalization of Abortion	Those alive with Down Syndrome know they are valued in Ireland because of the 8th Amendment. #LoveBothVoteNO #8thref #SaveThe8th	AGAINST
17122	Legalization of Abortion	Abortion clinics don't want us to keep a close on them. And that's why we MUST do exactly that.  Join us for a training session next week in Washington, DC! 	AGAINST
20223	Legalization of Abortion	Section 13 to be discussed now. First up Amendment 35 seeking protection of infants born alive after failed abortions. Unconscionable that this amendment would face resistance any level. #amendthebill #StandUp4HumanRights #legisl8 #NotWhatWeVotedFor	AGAINST
09188	Legalization of Abortion	Deputy Michael Collins reminds the Chamber that Margaret Sanger, founder of Planned Parenthood, biggest abortion provider in the world was a well known eugenicist. #AmendtheBill #UnjustBill #legisl8 #HumanRights	AGAINST
56722	Legalization of Abortion	It's now just ONE WEEK TO GO until our #NationalMemoryDay competition closes. We're seeking submissions of poems on the theme of memory for two prize categories Poetry Prize and Primary Carer Voice Prize. All the details are here: 	NONE
10491	Legalization of Abortion	Why won't @XYZ address the genuine human rights scandal of babies born alive, left to die after abortion? Don't #repealthe8th 	AGAINST
02057	Legalization of Abortion	Why has @XYZ abandoned the most vulnerable members of Irish society - mothers and their unborn babies?  	AGAINST
24915	Legalization of Abortion	As DeWine names Health Director, dueling abortion ban hearings drag on -  via @XYZ #StopTheBans	FAVOR
10941	Legalization of Abortion	#ThingsIKnowIllNeverDo: Believe abortion is morally acceptable. Because it isn't. It's violence. 	AGAINST
10179	Legalization of Abortion	A baby's heart starts beating 21 days after conception. The unborn child is not a potential life, but a life with potential. #LoveBoth 	AGAINST
59536	Legalization of Abortion	Feminist, novelist, philosopher – Simone de Beauvoir, born 108 years ago today. Listen back to our epside with... 	NONE
51237	Legalization of Abortion	Tune in TODAY 12 noon @XYZ 91.7 in SF and get @XYZ new book "#Skeptic" by donating to local #pubradio.  	NONE
36347	Legalization of Abortion	Now that Justice #Stevens will retire, help @XYZ get a #prochoice nominee. Pls sign message to Obama  #scotus	FAVOR
54904	Legalization of Abortion	Good people of The Twitter! Join Jason Stanley tomorrow for a live online chat! 11am Pacific:  	NONE
67195	Legalization of Abortion	BBC Radio 4 Sunday 4.30pm - @XYZ (Kim Moore) invites us into her life as a writer. She focuses on her working class background and long held desire to follow her scaffolder-dad to work and become poet in residence among the scaffolders. 	NONE
12276	Legalization of Abortion	All babies deserve their chance at life. What the Government has proposed is too extreme. #LoveBothVoteNO #TooFarForMe	AGAINST
10241	Legalization of Abortion	A baby's heart starts beating 21 days after conception. The unborn child is not a potential life, but a life with potential. #LoveBoth 	AGAINST
52800	Legalization of Abortion	In the Nintendo Adventure Book Leaping Lizards, the Mushroom Kingdom is said to be an underground area of Earth. 	NONE
36762	Legalization of Abortion	Women share personal stories of abortion, including the fabulous @XYZ  Reporting from @XYZ	FAVOR
33246	Legalization of Abortion	It's your body, your #choice! Be #unselfie &amp; give time/$ #GivingTuesday. Our board gives both and they are AMAZING. 	FAVOR
61684	Legalization of Abortion	👏👏👏👏#Librariesmatter #Wordsmatter - celebrating the lovely libraries and wordy wonder of #writers check out our #WordonTour blog for @XYZ 	NONE
01754	Legalization of Abortion	Why doesn't @XYZ think unborn human beings are worthy of protection under Irish law? 	AGAINST
66182	Legalization of Abortion	Excited to see the finished brochure - this festival looks great. #Lyra #Bristol @XYZ 	NONE
56747	Legalization of Abortion	In @XYZ #podcast, you can hear Albert reciting poetry as part of one of our #memorycafe poetry session  Donating to our #ChallengeFund can help provide more sessions to ignite memories for those living with #memoryloss 	NONE
58533	Legalization of Abortion	What happens to personal #identity when it's possible to go days or weeks at a time with no autobiographical memory? Read about the curious case of Hannah Upp:  #PhilosophersCorner	NONE
59802	Legalization of Abortion	Someone told Karl Popper you haven't donated yet! $75 for PT podcast, and much more! Pls hlp!  	NONE
11799	Legalization of Abortion	Kansas Rep. and obstetrician Roger Marshall writes: "The late-term abortion process that NY passed into law is inhumane, for both the child and the mother. The further along in a pregnancy, the more risk from complications come with an abortion procedure." 	AGAINST
